 met Sglfiwg Jiftorntag develop TUESDAY JULY 24, 1855. EUROPEAN NEWS. BY the City of Sydney (s.), which arrived this morning, at 4.30, we have received Melbourne papers containing English extracts to 21st April, being one day later, which we hasten to place before our readers. London, Friday Evening. A SIEGE OF SEBASTOPOL. PARIS, Friday. The Moniteur publishes the follow- ing "Under date 15th April, General Canrobert writes from before Sebastopol that the superiority of the Allied armies is more and more confirmed. Our troops, on the preceding night, having twice driven the Russians from their strong positions on the left, remained masters of them. They are much nearer to the town." The London Gazette of Friday contains the following despatch : " Before Sebastopol, April 3rd. " My Lord I have the honour to transmit to your lordship a letter of this date from Dr. Hall enclosing a weekly return of the sick of the army up to the 31st ultimo. " Your lordship will see with satisfaction that the general health of the army continues steadily to im- prove. I have also to submit to your lordship, with reference to your despatch of the 26th of February, the following (a letter from the same officer on the question of accommodation for wounded men in the event of any sudden emergency occurring). As the ships referred by Dr. Hall are constantly on passage, and might all be so at the time they might be wanted for the wounded. I proposed to Sir Edmund Lyons to have some sailing vessels got ready for their reception, and accordingly, with his sanction, the following transports are under preparation Orient, Sir George Pollock, St. Hilder, William Jackson, and Poictiers and it is calculated that they will hold from 100 to 150 on each. " RAGLAN." A second despatch, dated April 7th says : -- " My Lord, Some interchange of troops has taken place since I addressed your lordship on the 31st ultimo. Battalions and considerable convoys have entered the town, and other bodies of troops have been seen to leave the north side. The garrison has been constantly, engaged in adding to the works, and particularly in connecting the nine pits in the immediate front of our attack and as we have pushed forward, the fire upon our advance have occasioned more loss, I deeply regret to say, than we have sustained since the sortie on the 23rd March. " Lieutenant Bainbrigge, of the Royal Engineers, was, I lament to have to add, killed on the morning of the 4th of April, whilst in the execution of his duty, by the bursting of a shell. He was a young officer of much promise, and though he had not been long here, he had acquired the esteem and good opinion of his brother officers, and his loss is greatly deplored by all I enclose the return of casualties to the 5th instant " Total casualties from 30th March to April 1st in- elusively rank and file killed 3 sergeant, 14 rank and file wounded. 2 " Casualties from 2nd to 5th April inclusive : Lieutenent Bainbrigge. Royal Engineers, killed ; Capt. I L. J. A. Armit, Royal Engineers, severely wounded ยก Lieutenant J. F Jones, 7th Regiment, slightly wounded of and Captain H. E. Bale, 34th Regiment, severely wounded 19 rank and file killed; 2 surgeons, 40 rank and file wounded. Naval Brigade, wounded, 3. 'Dr. Hall's report shows that fever and bowel complaints were assuming a milder character and during the week ending 3rd April there was a decrease of 139 in the admission of invalids and 43 in the deaths. The comforts of the men were greatly improved : they were well fed, clothed, and had plenty of water and the force are as well provided as any army actively employed in the field can reasonably expect. The hospitals are not crowded, asd amply furnished with all requisites. If necessary 1400 men could be accommodated on shore, and arrangements were being made for receiving 500 or 600 on board ship. In his second report, Dr. Hall says that he is unwilling to send any wounded to Scutari, Symrna, Gallipoli, and Abydos, as they are full; and typhoid fever is reported at Smyrna. He suggested Sinope for an hospital establishment, if it be found eligible. Dr. Hill has accommodation in the Crimea for 2000 men." AUSTRIA. (From the second edition of the Morning Herald.) VIENNA, April 19. To-day, the eleventh conference was held. A pacific solution is still probable. Lord John Russell remains here till Monday. A despatch from the Crimea, dated the 14th instant, states that the Allies had gained advantages. The Times' Vienna correspondent writes of the 16th instant:-"It has at length become known to the public that Austria is not likely to give its support to the Western Powers; and great is the dismay which is felt, as it is foreseen that the war will not only be indefinitely prolonged, but assume far more formidable dimensions than has hitherto been the case. In order that there may be no mistake as to her intentions, Austria has recently sent about 30,000 men home on furlough and a Warsaw correspondent states that the Austrian cavalry corps, consisting of sixteen re- giments, now lying in Gallicia, is about to be sent to its former cantonments in Italy, Bohemia, Hungary, &c." FRANCE. The Morning Chronicle's Paris correspondent writes on Thursday evening :-" Nothing is talked of here but the enthusiastic reception accorded to the Emperor and Empress. The people are affected by it in the most lively manner, an 1 no event can contribute to draw more closely the bonds of alliance which exist between the two countries." 