 [The following was published in a slip yesterday afternoon, at 3 pm.] EIGHT DAYS'' LATER FROM EUROPE. [BY THE RED SEA AND INDIA TELEGRAPH.] Sydney Morning Herald Office. Monday, January 6th, 3 p.m. [FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT!.] London, November 26th. The Emperor Napoleon has prohibited the. diatribes of the French Press against England. Lord Cowley, the English Ambassador at Paris, is at present in London, with proposals for a simultaneous disarmament. The French war with Morocco is concluded. The Buoncompagnis Regency is recognised by France. I Garibaldi's resignation has produced a painful sensation. A comprehensive Austrian amnesty has been announced. A further identification of the sufferers by the wreck of the Royal Charter has taken place, and the bodies of the following passengers have been picked up Withers, Morris, Hatch, Norman, Davis, Hutton, Rumford, Bell, Fowler, Marks, Smith, Welsh, Lewis. The substitution of the Galle for the Mauritius route, which is to take place after March next, has induced the P. and O. Company to demand a larger subsidy. A commercial prospectus has been issued of a Western Australian Bank. The prices of wool and tallow are unchanged. Securities are firm. Consols, 96-. CHINESE THEATRICALS. On the Golden Point, right in the centre of the Chinese encampment, may be seen a large oval canvas tent, from which the most hideous noises imaginable emanate at night. This structure the follower of Confucius dignifies with the high-sounding name of " theatre," and the discordant jumble of noises he elegantly terms " music." On entering the circular erection the modest sum of four shillings is demanded. ' Seated around in a variety of forms, and closely packed together, are no less than a thousand pigtails, or at least the owners of these adornments of it the human form divine," smoking opium, puffing cigars, and drinking ginger beer in an mistakeable quantities. The building, if we may so term it, is lighted with thirty-six candles, twenty-four of which are striking a primitive chandelier, fashioned out of wood, and square formed, which is suspended from. large pole fixed in the centre of the '* theatre," and which polo is the pillar and safety of the erection. The other twelve candles do duty as " footlights," and are evenly divided into sixes, and placed in a sort of dingy, rickety fixture, which "John" calls a stage. At the back of this are stationed four or five individuals ; these compose the," band is" separated from the latter by a curtain is the " robing room," the mysteries of which sanctum we did not attempt to penetrate. A gong, a small drum, and a "musician," with two sticks, were amongst the most observable of those whom the band was composed. The individual with the "sticks struck right and left, beat time. and motioned most malignant with his head, as if in ecstacies with the melody which he sent forth. At length out rushes a burlesque looking Chinaman, in the most grotesque garb imaginable, and a sort of feather, six feet in length, sticking out of his poll, and swinging to and fro. The shouts, and presto trout fly eighteen of the most horrid looking things imaginable, dressed in a variety of forms, who shout, run, well, tumble, throw a few summersaults, and immediately disappear. Their places are supplied by about a dozen officerly-looking pigtails, dressed somewhat like a French soldier, with a sash round one of their shoulders. They are followed by the reaction with the large feather, who this time is accompanied with the representative of a Celestial beauty. The individual with the two sticks" now gives evidence of his proficiency in the " divine art," and the most uproarious yells imaginable are blended with the notes of the musical coterie. Actors and band now vie with each other, as if attempting to drown the discord of each other. The man with the feather jumps over a chair, and the whole body of actors dis- appear behind the curtain. By this time the place becomes stiflingly hot. The clouds of smoke curl gracefully upward, and we disappear by the door, and are glad once more to breathe the pure air. Ballaarat Star. Sir John Bowring, the British ambassador to China, was animadverting upon the "wickedness," as he expressed it, of the marriage service, as prescribed by charges -of Shared. "Look at it," said that ? With this ring I thee wed that's sincere : with my body I thee worship that's idolatry and with all my worldly goods I thee endow that's a lie." 