 NEWS BY THE MAIL. VIA SUEZ. The English mail per H. M. S. Hydaspes was delivered in Sydney yesterday morning, one day in advance of' time-table date. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. (FROM OUR. OWN COIUtESr-OXUEXT.; LONDON, June 4. A topic which has caused considerable annoyance to the Radical party relates to flogging in the army. Mr Childers, the War Secretary, was asked a question on the subject, and though his answer conveyed an assurance as to the Government being prepared to endorse the policy of Lord Hartington last year, the inclusion of the right hon. gentleman's speech indicated that the Government were in no hurry to abolish flogging. When he referred to the difficulty of finding a substitute for that form of punishment the Tories cheered to the echo, and the impression left upon the House was that the abolition of flogging in the army, like the recall of Sir Bartle Frere, would not evoke any serious efforts for its realization. The Tory cheers only increased the indignation of the Radicals, whose fury threatened to take shape in more *' round robins." In order to avert the coming storm, the Government resorted to another explanation. Mr. Shaw Lefevre, the Secretary to the Admiralty, was to have been questioned respecting the use of the lash in the navy. The hon. gentleman took the wind out of the sails of his interlocutor, and supplemented Mr. Childers' short speech by asking that the question should be postponed, because the Government had the whole of the subject of the lash under consideration, and were only waiting to ascertain what ' other form of punishment could be substituted. It consoled the Radicals to learn that upon the main point, viz., the abolition of flogging, the Government had absolutely made up their minds. .... There has also been considerable dissatisfaction with Ministers for their conduct of business in Parliament. We have had a long wrangle over the Bradlaugh case, and have not yet seen the end of it. If the Government had been careful to cover the whole scope of this subject by the first committee of inquiry, many of the discussions which have since taken place and the appointment of a second committee might have been avoided. The Tories have made every effort to furnish the Government with all that is discreditable in regard to Bradlaugh. Sir Stafford Northcote and his ex official colleagues have not done much to embarrass the Government, for the work has been taken out of their hands by younger and more energetic men like Sir H. J). Wells, Mr. A. Balfour, Mr. Ritchie, and Mr. Gorst. These gay spirits make no secret of their intention to associate the Liberal party with Bradlaugh to the fullest possible extent, and they have lost no chance of thwarting Mr. Bradlaugh's admission into the House. And, in truth, Mr. Bradlaugh deserved much that he has received. His whole conduct from beginning to end has had one leading object, namely, to obtain his own notoriety. If he had been content to take the oath, like the late John Stuart Mill, no difficulty would have been raised to such a proceeding and he further discredited himself by asserting, when he found that his claim to affirm would not be allowed, that he would take the oath. His case was aggravated by a foolish work which he had written some years ago, on " The House of Hanover," which breathed hostility to the reigning dynasty. But it is not because of Mr. Bradlaugh's opinions on religion that the House of Commons and the public a> e disposed to cavil at his admission into Parliament. The publication of such filthy works as the " Fruits of Philosophy," and his aggressive atheism for pecuniary objects, have led most people to hold him in profound contempt. For these reasons Mr. Bradlaugh has been denounced, on grounds entirely unconnected with the question of the oath, and it is very doubtful whether the new committee to whom the subject has been referred will take a broader view of this subject than the House of Commons. The chief point to be ascertained by "a committee relates to the force which Mr. Bradlaugh attaches to the oath of allegiance. In his examina- 'nation before the committee he stated that he considered the words to be as complete and as binding upon his conscience as they were upon any other member. He declined to commit himself as regarding the taking of the oath in the light of an appeal to a Supreme Being. The committee are in a great difficulty. In order to report against Mr. Bradlaugh they will have to deal with the oath as in two party ; and acknowledgment of allegiance, and an appeal to God. Seeing that Quakers and others have hitherto been allowed to affirm, that is to abandon that portion of the oath relating to an appeal to the Supreme Being, it will be exceedingly difficult for the committee to deprive Mr. Brad- laugh of a similar right. The unpopularity of Mr. Brad- laugh"s views on religion and morals is so intense that it is expected on all hands the committee will report against that gentleman being allowed to take the oath. The prevailing impression among the public is that the first committee appointed to deal with this case ought to have permitted Mr. Bradlaugh to affirm. If the present committee allow neither oath nor affirmation the Government will be saddled with the responsibility of bringing in a bill to meet Mr. Bradlaugh's case. You may guess the unpopularity of such a step among the religious classes of this country. For years " Iconoclast " has laboured in every town and village to show up the " superstitions " of the Christian faith, and thousands of orthodox people regard him as the personation of the veritable Mephistopheles. The Government dare not make any serious attempt to pass such a measure for such a man. For any other sincere doubt. of the Christian faith such a thing might have been possible, but for Brad- laugh never. The House of Lords would oppose the bill from the first letter to the last. The measures of legislation proposed by the Government will considerably redeem their character in the eyes of those electors who hold extreme views. The Irish Franchise Bill is pretty sure to become law. The chief point in favour of it is not the approval of English or Scotch opinion, which will dislike the quality of the new voting power is Ire- land under this measure, but the fact that the extension of the franchise is a leading plank of the liberal platform, and the extension of the franchise in Ireland is a purely political son. There is not one man in a thousand who does not con- a rider that the voting class in Ireland is already quite low enough in the scale of intelligence, and the best remedy for the country, in this respect, would be, not to lower the franchise, but to reduce the number of Irish constituencies. The quality of the men returned by Ireland to the present Parliament is almost appalling. They have little or no stake in the country, and many of them are selected because of their power of talking, and their vehement hatred of the Saxon. Moreover, the iufluence of the priesthood in Ireland, especially among the lower classes, was shown by the last election to be on the increase, and any extension of the franchise would virtually mean an extension of the power of the Church. But these considerations are of little avail. The Liberals are pledged to extend the Irish franchise, and their promise will have to be Mulled. The Burials Bill introduced by the Government is unquestionably a very good measure. It is a little remarkable that it should have been first of all introduced into the House of Lords. One would have thought that Mr. Gladstone would not have sent it to the Upper Chamber till it had passed through the Commons, and have received the large majority in its favour which it will undoubtedly obtain there. That men would have given the measure a certain amount st eclat which the Lords could not have well ignored. The Government, however, may have intended to " machine " the bill in this fashion, to introduce it in the Lords first, in order that the Commons may have the opportunity to amend any alterations which the Lords may propose in it, and send the bill back to the Upper Chamber in the dog days when only official peers are present. The proposals of the Government apply to all classes of Christians, and even to those who, as unbaptised, cannot claim church membership, or who are actually excommunicated. There is a little difficulty as to the meaning of the measure in regard to Unitarians, but as a whole it may he described as a measure which only forbids ceremonial which is not of a Christian character. It provides that a burial shall either be without any religious service, or with a Christian and orderly service, and it prescribes no form which is calculated to embarrass the Dissenters. Under this bill Jews, Mohammedans?, and infidels, and I believe Unitarians also, will have to be interred without religious service. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of York, and many of the Bishops, as well as many of the peers, have long since realized the necessity of settling this burning question as speedily as possible. They know well enough that it is but the out work of disestablishment, and the heads of the Church are at last beginning to realize what the bulk of churchmen have long since felt, namely, that unless the grievances of the dissenters can he satisfactorily settled, and unless the Church earnestly reforms herself, the disestablishment will receive a very dangerous impetus. "We have had evidence on many hands of increasing wisdom in this respect, and the heads of the Church, and the feeling of surprise that the Bishop of Lincoln should have attempted to block the way of the Government bill is an illustration of their newly-found perspicacity. But Dr. Wordsworth's opposition was defeated in the Lords last night by a substantial majority. The attitude of the landlord class respecting the game laws is almost a parallel case. The Government have just brought in a measure which deals with ground game, that is, hares and rabbits." Under this bill, a tenant is afforded equal rights in ground game us the land law, and as that right is made inalienable, so that neither landlord nor tenant can contract himself out of the law, there is a prospect of the bill proving to he a practicable and useful measure. Such a proposal would never have been brought into Parliament by any other Government; and the Peers would not pass it now but that landlords are alarmed at the irritation of their tenants. The first feeling in regard to this bill was that it would meet with little opposition, but a Strong under current is now setting in against it, chiefly on the ground that landlords may be induced to get rid of their tenants who exercise the rights conferred by this bill to such a complete extent as to interfere with the landlords' sport and the bill is also disliked because it contravenes the rights and the law of contract. Another measure, which is of some interest, and which has received the support of the Government, relates to the extension of the hours for polling. The bill, brought in by a private member, was read a second time last night, and received the assistance of the Government bench. Pressure is also being brought to bear upon the Government to assist the bill for legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister, and to extend the provisions of the measure making employers liable for accidents to their workmen more favourable to the working classes than as at present, proposed. j I have exhausted the leading subjects of interest in connection with our Parliamentary proceedings, but my reference to political matters would not be complete without an allusion to the election of Sir William Harcourt for Derby. Sir William lost his seat for Oxford under circumstances which I have pre- vio! sly described. For some weeks he wandered houseless, which is, at all times, degrading to a Cabinet Minister. In the end, Mr. Plimsoll chivalrously withdrew from the representation of Derby in order to find him a place, and Sir William is once more in the House of Commons, a wiser and a sober-minded man. Contrasted with his violent speeches of the last few years, his attitude and his humility recall the historic example of Uriah Heap. His entry into the House of Commons, as he advanced to be sworn at the table, with hands meekly folded across his breast, was a sight for the gods mean the Tory gods whoso life he has often made a perfect misery to them. The indignation of Exeter Hall and the Evangelical school against Mr. Gladstone for appointing Lord Kenmare to the post of Lord Chamberlain, and Lord Ripon to the Vice-royalty of India, has been in no wise diminished. The Scotch Presbyterians, whose annual assemblies have just been sitting, have joined in the cry, and though these proceedings seem like freaks of fanaticism, it is unquestionable that there is a very general feeling of dissatisfaction among other classes than Evangelicals for sending Lord Ripon to India. Even politicians are much divided in opinion, respect- ing this selection, because of the part Lord Ripon took as president of the Commission for settling the American claims respecting the Alabama dispute. The memory of that transaction is just now being keenly brought home to us by the further claims of the United States in regard to the Canadian Fishery question. For the moment, however, it is not the present Viceroy of India who attracts the most attention here, but His predecessor. Lord Lytton seems to have made a terrible mess of the last Indian budget. The correspondence published this week upon that subject is highly damaging to his reputation and of all the servants of the Crown who endeavoured to carry out the policy of the Beaconsfield Government, none are so unpopular as the late Viceroy of India. The aspect of affairs in Afghanistan looks better than it did, because of the apparent willingness of Abdul Rahman to accept the rule of Cabul and Balkh. The negotiations with that prince are dragging somewhat wearily, and the suspicion is now arising that Abdul Rahman is purposely delaying action in order to wait for inspiration from the Russians at Tashkent. The Government have made up their minds to withdraw from the country as speedily as possible. It is hardly an exaggeration to describe them as on their knees beseeching Abdul Rahman to relieve them of responsibility. If that prince is really disposed to act with loyalty towards us, and not willing to become a tool for Russian intrigue, it is generally regarded that his appointment as Ameer would be a good one. But the Indian Government are grop- ing in the dark. Abdul Rahman is 150 miles away from Cabul, and the suspicion that he may still be not unfriendly to his old patrons may have considerable justification. The best informed men here are beginning to regard his conduct with some anxiety, The most interesting events of the past fortnight with regard to foreign affairs relate to the steps which the Government are taking in order to compel Turkey to carry out the provisions of the Berlin Treaty. They are arranging for a conference of ambassadors, who will meet about a month hence at Berlin, in order to bring united pressure upon Turkey. That Conference will chiefly have reference to the Greek question. At the present moment it is not known whether it will deal with the subject of internal reforms or with the Montenegrin difficulty. Mr. Goschen has for some days been at Constantinople and on his way thither he called at Paris and Vienna, in order to discuss these subjects with the French and Austrian Governments, and, in Vienna, to remove the bad impression which had been produced by the imprudent language of Mr. Gladstone before his election for Midlothian respecting the intentions of Austria. When the Porte discovered a special envoy, like Mr. Goschen, for such he is regarded, even though Sir Henry Layard has left his post, they were in a state of the utmost alarm. Said Pasha, known as " the Eng- lishman," was summoned from his govemship of Aleppo, in order, it was thought, to resume the rule with a new Ministry of reform, and to reintroduce Midhat Pasha's Turkish Parliament. The advisers of the Sultan met in Council, and virtually decided to throw up the sponge; but after the sitting was over little Said, the Grand Vizier, was once more able to thwart the recommendations of his colleagues. He induced the Sultan to cancel the Imperial order for his rival's return from Aleppo, and convinced his Majesty that Turkey had no reason to fear the action of England, because the jealousy of the, Powers would not enable England to exert more pressure upon Turkey than she has hitherto been able to effect. Meanwhile, Musurus Pasha, who has for thirty years been Turkish Ambassador in London, was sent for to Constantinople, in order to advise the Government as to the probable out come of Mr. Gladstone's action. There is little doubt as to what Musurus will recommend to be done. He will thoroughly support the case of Europe as against his own country, and Mr. Goschen will find him the best possible friend he can have at Court. But what is to happen if Turkey declines to adopt the advice of united Europe? Will united Europe exercise compulsion ? It is difficult to believe that such will be the case. In fact, no one can form an opinion upon it. Mr. Goschen himself has no definite notions as to the course of his future policy, and as to what will happen after the presentation of a formal document from the representatives of the Powers at Constantinople, which is now being drafted, and which will demand the fulfilment of Turkish obligations. Nor can Mr. Gladstone himself suggest what is likely to result from the conference of Ambassadors on the Greek question, called under the 24th article of the Berlin Treaty. The latest news from Constantinople seems to indicate that the Porte has taken up the position of passive resistance ; the Pasha's assume it to be impossible that the Powers will resort to force, and they virtually admit that nothing but force can bring about a settlement of the Berlin arrangement to any fuller degree than has been already accomplished. Even if Mr. Gladstone succeeds in his spirited endeavour, he will still have to settle with the Turkish Government, for those reforms in Asia Minor which are embraced within the Convention with this country, and which form no part of the Berlin settlement. I need hardly point out that the attitude of antagonism adopted by Mr. Gladstone, in respect of the provisions of the Berlin Treaty, is scarcely likely to encourage any efforts he may maize in order to secure the fulfil meet of those measures which Turkey has pledged herself to adopt under the Asia Minor Convention. Most people regard the outlook of the Eastern Question not only as exceedingly uncertain, but increasingly dangerous. A single shot fired by an Albanian fanatic against the Montenegrins, who are lining the course of the Zen, in the hope of entering upon the ceded Albanian territory, might lead to a declaration of war by Monte- j negro against Turkey, and reopen the Eastern Question in all its gravest aspects. M. Leon Say has had but a short stay as French Ambassador in London. When it was announced that he was coming here as the representative of France, with the object, among other purposes, of arranging the new Anglo-French Treaty, it was thought that something would be done in regard to the wine duties. The British Government, however, can undertake no arrangements either in regard to the general tariff, or to the British wine duties, which will involve a sacrifice of revenue. Mr. Gladstone is understood to have said that for two years at least no financial concessions could be made, because of the muddle in which he had found the Imperial Exchequer in Downing Street. At the present moment, therefore, there seems to be no prospect of any remission of the wine duties. Before I close this letter may be able to give you some further information on this subject as the result of a deputation which is to wait upon Mr. Gladstone this afternoon. Some of the members who will compose that deputation intend, if possible, to advocate the case of the colonies. The London season is now supposed to be at its height. The Derby has been run, and the favourite has won it but it is a dull season. The bad trade of the last two years has made its mark more effectually upon the gaiety of society than was the case twelve months ago. The squirearchy have had to make so many concessions to their tenants, in the shape of remissions of rent, that they have had to put a serious limitation upon the frivolities of their wives and daughters. The assembling of a new Parliament and the introduction of a number of new members, many of them of the manufacturing class, has introduced a new element into London salons, and to the Queen's drawing-rooms, but it is not an aristocratic element, and stories of the faux pas of the mauvais riches constitute one-half the gossip of London society. Sarah Bernhardt, the well-known member of the Comedie Francaise has quarrelled with her colleagues, and is now performing at the Gaiety Theatre, London, but she has rendered herself liable to £1,000 damages to the Comedie Francaise. She has also the I mortification of finding that the British public does not run after her so much on this occasion, as it did last year, and that the eccentricities of her genius inspire more of contempt than of enthusiasm. Regardless of her example, another member of the Comedie Francaise, M. Coquelin, has also quarrelled with his colleagues in order to fulfil an engagement in London, and should he persist in leaving Paris in order to join Sarah Bernhardt, a heavy action will likewise be laid against him. Among the heroes of the week in fashionable circles may be mentioned the King of Greece, who has just arrived in this country, partly on a tour of relaxation, but mainly to discuss with leading men here the Turco Greek difficulty prior to the Conference at Berlin. The success of the Strathleven experiment has induced the Germans to send us frozen meat in competition with the home produce. Frozen carcases can be brought from the Continent much cheaper than living beasts, but German meat is not good meat, and German mutton is an abomination. The quality of Australian meat will effectually stifle all the competition of the Teutons. The Duke of Connaught has been made a Major General, and the Prince of Wales promoted to the colonels of three regiments of the Household Troops, all at once. Those promotions have given great offence. They block, as in the case of the Duke of Connaught, legitimate promotion, and excite the contempt of the German and other nations who really understand military subjects. From London papers to the 4th June we take the following extracts : THE BURIALS BILL. The House of Lords was the scene, on June 3, of an animated party debate. The subject was the Ministerial Burials Bill. the rejection of which was moved by the Bishop of Lincoln. This measure is not, as it stands, completely satisfactory to any party in the State. The Tories and the High Churchmen resist it as they would resist any legislation of the sort on the ground of principle. They hold that to sanction the interment of Dissenters in consecrated ground with any other rules than those ordained by the Church of England is to concede the first step in the crusade against the Establishment. On the other hand the Radicals are not quite content with the measure, because it fails to separate between the religious and secular rights of Englishmen, and because it enacts that no service except of a religious character shall be performed at the grave. Ultimately the success of the measure is certain, and probably pretty much in the shape in which it now stands. Nor is there any reason to fear that its results will seriously jeopardise the Church of England as a national institution. On the contrary, one of its influences will probably be to prevent the party of reform within the pale of the Church making common cause with those who believe that the only possibilities of its reform lie in its destruction. _ 