 TliEJlAMÏ^jnWS BRITISH and foreign. [Associated Press's , TRICKETT'S DEFEAT. Loxpos-, Nov. 15. Hanlan (the &lt; . Canadian - oarsman) . - beat Trickett (the Sydney sculler in the race for the Thames championship',' to-day, by three lengths. ESTABLISHMENT OF A TECHNICAL COLLEGE. - . . . Lennox, Nov. 15. A The city Guilds are making arrangements for the establishment of a great Technical College, at Kensington. This, it is hoped, will render innocuous the report of the Royal Commission on the working of the city Guilds, which condemned the manner in which the Guilds are carrying out their duties. THE ALBANIANS IND DFLCIGNQ. LONDON, Nov. 15. The Albanians have definitively expressed their determination not to surrender Dulcigno to the Montenegrins. DEPOSITION OF AFFAIRS IN BASUTO LAND. Cape Town, Nov. 14. The position of affairs in Basutoland is daily growing more serious. The hostile tribes continue to rise inconsiderable numbers, the colonial forces being evidently unable to cope with the enemy. Six thousand burghers have been called out, and preparations for active hostilities on a large scale are proceeding. RUSSIAN GRAIN MERCHANTS AND THE SCARCITY OF WHEAT. St. Petersburg, Nov. 14. The action of the Government in threatening the deportation of grain merchants who should take advantage of the present scarcity of wheat in Russia, has had the desired effect. Not only the merchants, but also the retailers and the bakers have lowered their prices, and the consequent reduction in the price of bread has afforded great relief to the poorer classes. FLOODS IN ITALY. Rome, Nov. 14. During the past few days heavy rains have fallen throughout Italy, resulting in many places in serious floods, which have caused much damage to property. A PARTY OF MONKS MOBBED TO DEATH. PARIS, Nov. 16. Two parties of monks (Jesuits) lately expelled from France, proceeded by sea, to Spain, with the intention of landing at Barcelona and Alicante (ac) respectively, but no sooner had they arrived at their destination than they were set upon by the infuriated populace, and, within a very short space of time, were mobbed to death. THE CONDEMNED NIHILISTS. St. Petersburg, Nov. 15. The Government has resolved not to carry out the extreme penalty of the law in the case of the five Nihilists convicted of being active participators in the Winter Palace and Moscow outrages. The sentence of death passed upon three of them has been commuted to penal servitude for life in Siberia. The other two are to be hanged. THE DTTLCIGNO DIFFICULTY. Constantinople, Not. 16. t Dervish Pasha, in pursuance of the. agreement arrived at by the chiefs of the Albanian League, despatched certain officials to Dulcigno, with instructions publicly to notify to the inhabitants the terms upon which the surrender of the town will be made. Whilst these officials were in the act of reading the conditions, they were suddenly attacked and shot by the citizens, and, so far as is known at present, none of them escaped. It is expected that Dervish Pasha will, after this, have recourse to the forcible measures threatened by him some days ago. j ' 