 NEWS BY THE MAIL,, VIA. SUEZ. The mail per P. and O. steamer Bangalore was delivered in Sydney yesterday morning; 14 days from London. PTTOLISJI AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON JAN. 30. By far the most important event in home politics at the present moment is the Liverpool election. Since the now celebrated election at Bath, which drew forth the then Mr. Disraeli's letter to " My dear Gray," no doctoral event has been surrounded with so much interest as the contest which is now going on in Liverpool. The vacancy arises from, the death of Mr. Torr, a Conservative. There are two candidates in the field, Mr. Whitley, a local Conservative of considerable influence, and Lord Ramsay, a young naval officer. The constituency is a three-cornered one, returning two Conservatives and one Liberal, so that the known tendencies of the place are favourable to Mr. Whitby. It so happens, however, that Lord Ramsay has secured the Derby influence. He is even staying at the house (Knowsley) of the great convert to Liberalism. But this is not the most important feature of the election. Notwithstanding his high social position, and his association with Lord Derby, Lord Ramsay has swallowed the Home Rule bait. Though this may not carry the whole Irish vote in Liverpool-for many Catholics will support the Conservative candidates will give the Liberal a fair prospect of success. Moderate Liberals are aghast at the prospect of the victory. Notwithstanding all that Lord Hartington, Mr. Forster, and other front bench men have said respecting Home Rule, Lord Ramsay's success will bind the Liberal party to the Home Rule cause. The first step towards this connection seems to be very simple, and not fraught with alarming consequences. It is but this-that Liberal candidates shall " vote for an inquiry into the Irish demands. This looks very innocent, and very equitable, but loyal men do not care to inquire into any demand that proposes the disintegration of the Kingdom. The approach of the general election, and the Home Rule organizations in the large towns of England and Scotland, have greatly disturbed the Liberal mind. The absolute hatred of the Glad Btbnians towards the party who are now in office will leave no stone unturned to defeat the Conservatives at the next general election ; hence the development of this unholy alliance with the party of sedition. Moreover, if the Conservatives lose the Liverpool election, the Liberals are sure to regard it as a test of the feeling of the country, and the circumstance will encourage the Radical wish; to resort to all kinds of expedients, obstructive and otherwise, to force the Government to adopt an appeal to the constituencies. [Our readers have been apprised by telegram that Mr. Whitley, the Conservative candidate, has been returned by a majority of 2000. ED.] Probably next to this domestic incident, public attention is most chiefly directed to the Afghan settlement. It is now known that the Government have no intention of sending a force to Herat. That city will most likely be handed over to Persia. There is also a desire in official quarters to back out of Cabul as quickly as possible. The difficulties at that city have been greater than were expected, and the approach of the general election alarms the Ministerial mind as to what will happen if the Afghan problem remains in its present unsettled condition. There are signs, too, of further fighting, when the snows disappear, towards the end of February. Mahommed Jan is rallying a force at Ghuznee and if he does not come out of that place to attack Cabul, General Stewart will assail him from the direction of Candahar. One thing only seems tolerably certain, namely, that Candahar will remain within the British frontier. II' the same be done with regard to Jellalabad and the railway extended to both places, Die mountain frontier of India will be unassailable. As to the administration of A Afghanistan, the Government still cling to the idea that men will be found to rule in different divisions in accordance with British interests, so far as regards questions of external policy. Nothing has been yet heard of Abdul Rahman since the Thespians permitted him to escape in to Balkh. But this is not to be wondered at Sows from that region can only come by way of Persia, the Hindoo Kush at this season of the year being impenetrable, Russia is continuing the preparations of her spring campaign against the Turko- mans, but the transport difficulties are almost overwhelming. "Whether it be intended to thrown dust in the eyes of the British lion, I know not, but it over seems possible, according to the Russian papers, that the project of annexing Merv will be abandoned. It is tolerably certain that little or nothing can be done towards that object from the Caspian. General Rains Came will have to rely upon his own resources along the Oxus and it will be no easy matter to pass 20,000 or 80,000 men across the most sterile desert in the world, between Charles and Merv. It may be that Russia has given some undertaking not to go to Merv if England will avoid an occupation of Herat. The Liberals would have made such a bargain had they been in office, but it is hardly likely that Lord Beaconsfield or Lord Salisbury would do so. The Queen is to open Parliament in person, on Thursday next, and will thereby impart more interest to the proceedings. The Irish members intend to move an amendment to to add: less to the Crown, with the object of bringing up all Irish questions at the earliest possible moment. It is evidently going to be a session full of strife and bitterness. The six vacant seats, through disgrace casements, are to go towards the making of more three cornered constituencies, and there is a whisper that the Government intend to bring in a general redistribution of seats bill. They have had such a project before them at their Cabinet meetings, but if it sees daylight, its chief object will not be for legislation, but like nearly everything else in the coming session for the hustings. Recent telegrams and my own correspondence will have informed your readers of the concentration of Russian troops which has been going on in Poland since the conclusion of the Russo-Turkish war. That proceeding has caused a good deal of excitement in Germany, but still more in Austria, whose antagonism to Russian ascendency in the Balkan States has brought about strained relations between Vienna and St. Petersburg. The Russian official Press have done all they can to represent the reported massing of troops in Poland as an exaggeration. A few days ago a report was current that the Russian Government had formally offered to reduce the number of her forces in Poland, but that statement has since been contradicted. It is significant, however, of what is going on in Poland, and of the European outlook generally, that notwithstanding the enormous burden of her army, Germany has just decided to increase its numbers. It is all very well for the German Government to make it appear that this step is in accordance with military plans long since adopted, but such is the crushing weight of the military arrangements upon the revenue of the empire that a thrifty people like the Germans would not have agreed to this additional burden without a substantial cause. Military service in Germany is intensely unpopular, but there is every appearance of this project being carried through Parliament with acclamation. It will add between 8000 and 00,000 troops to the army on a war footing, and increase the judges expense by 18,000,000 marks, besides a large outlay for the necessary barracks and clothing. Those war preparations are not so unnecessary as the bulk of Englishmen may suppose. The whole world knows . upw; Germany has befriended Russia during the past half century. Even in its internal affairs Russia owes whatever it possesses of civiliza- tion to its Teuton neighbour, There is a thin gauze of French polish among the upper classes in Russia, who spend much of their time in Paris or in Parisian society, but for years past the administrative work of the Russian empire has been in the hands of Germans. But the Russians are getting tired of German tutelage, and are developing national instincts after a reckless fashion the not unnatural result of their progressive methods of government. In the eyes of phlegmatic Germans and cautious; Englishmen, Panslavism, though less violent than, Nihilism, is as mad an enterprise. Its adoption, is bound to bring the Government' into antagonism with neighbouring Powers, and sooner or later lead to war, Its imprudence- may be judged by the comparison of Great Britain Booking; to embrace all English-speaking nations Americans to within the; Empire, or under its protection. Ever since the Czar made his famous Panslavonio speech at Moscow, and the Panslavonio Press indulged in frivolous and malicious attacks upon Germany, there have been symptoms of a change in the attitude of the German Government. Prince Gortschakoff interview with the editor of the Soleil opened the eyes of the German people to dangers and suspicions which no Russian soothing will dispel. The temper of the French is far from warlike, but when the country has still further improved its finances and organized its army, and when there comes to the front a new generation who had no personal experience in the reverses of the last campaign, and who remember it chiefly by the loss of Alsace and Lorraine, the natural boUigeroncy of the French is not unlikely to reassert itself. The only two States who are likely to assail Germany in the future are France and Russia, and Prince Bismark is persistently and methodically preparing to counteract the alliance of two such powerful neighbours. He has already established a useful friendship in Austria, which will help him with material assistance and he relies upon England putting moral pressure upon France. At the present moment there is no sign of a conflict, but there is an ominous talking among the leading statesmen of Europe as to their striving to maintain peace, which is the more significant because they are all, with the exception of England, increasing their armaments. Outsiders know not what may be the precise cause, but this is undeniable that the continent is I in a f feverish state of anxiety, with the presage of coming events of the direst importance. The current impression is that unless Russia makes some manifest sign of withdrawing from the position which she has taken up in the East, Brsmarok may force her hand. The personal relations of the Czar and the Emperor are the only obstacles, but after the Emperor has consented to the Austrian alliance, and to this increase of the German army, he may yet consent to more. There is also the other consideration, that Russia is coming in such a desperate plight that war may be adopted as the most profitable means of her escape from anarchy. Prince Gortschakoff s conversations with the editor of the Solid pointed to the prospects of another campaign, and such a prospect has aroused Prince Bismarck's sus- ceptibilities. Commenting upon the general European outlook and on a speech of some importance just delivered in Vienna, by Baron Haythorne, the Times says : " There has seldom been more need for the exercise of mutual respect and consideration between nation?, as represented alike by their statesmen and by their Press." The uneasy feeling which prevails throughout Europe has led to much criticism upon the state of the British navy. The result is not so satisfactory as most" people would like to see. Taking them as a whole, we have bigger and more powerful war-ships than (any other nation, but our relative supremacy is not so great as it was. We are very weak in the defences of our colonies, and coaling stations. Mr. T. Brassey's speeches on this subject represent the popular mind so truly, that it will be impossible for the Colonial Defence Commission to ignore the very anxious opinions which are known to prevail among all classes of people. The country, too, is deficient in regard to small heavily armoured gunboats of the class which were recently constructed for the Chinese Government. It is also a matter of some importance that the new Italian ironclad, the Bulli, has just made fourteen knots an hour with her armour on, and that it is believed another ten knots can be got out of her. Thanks to Sir William Armstrong, the Italians' also possess the largest guns of any power in the world. [Intelligence has reached Sydney by cable that one of the 100-ton guns on board the Buffalo has burst.-Ei>.] The three or four big ships which Italy is making will demand a large outlay on the part of this country at the Mediterranean stations and if Italy should over enter into an alliance with an enemy of England, the Dnilio and her sister ships might turn the current of the campaign. On the whole, the state of the British navy is decidedly under the requirements of the country. It is superior to any other single Tower, but not to a combination of any two European nations. In such an overdose colonies and our maritime commerce would suffer very considerably. Fortunately, the present Board of Admiralty is a very strong one. Mr. W. H. Smith is one of the ablest First Lords who ever sat in Whitehall, and the public never begrudge a naval expenditure. The navy has been very much improved since that gentleman took office, and, as he is known to have been carefully watch- ing the result of the " Duilio " experiments, we must not be surprised if next year's estimates contain some very important proposals. In connection with these topics I may allude to the change which is going on in regard to our artillery. Though the navy emphatically declines to have anything to do with breech-loaders, there seems a strong probability that breech-loading artillery will be introduced into the army. The success of the Germans in this respect has at length shaken the confidence of the War Office in the old system of muzzle-loading. The subject is in the hands of one of those everlasting committees or com- missions, who seem in no hurry to make any report upon it. The relations between England and Turkey show no signs of improvement. After the release of Ahmed Tewfik and the return of Dr. Koellor's boole a sharp co respondent co took place between the Porte and the British ambassador. It turned out that the chief complaint of the Turks against Dr. Koehler arose out of the finding of a pamphlet in that gentleman's bag tending to bring the Mahommedan religion into discredit. Dr. Koollor declares that the Turks placed the book there themselves, and that he never had such a work From beginning to end it had been a very ugly incident, but it is not an unfair illustration of the prevailing discontent of the Turkish ruling classes against England, and of the changed attitude of the Sultan towards Sir Henry Layard. England, however, still stands by Turkey in regard to the Greek question, and the British Foreign Office shows no great enthusiasm for Montenegro over the cession of Albanian territory. With the return of spring, these two subjects will cause an increased amount of interest; and it should create no surprise the British Government change their attitude and join France in compelling the Porte to carry out the Berlin Treaty. We are on the brink of a great change in our relations with Turkey. The coming general election may give the Government a protest for taking up a new position, unless in the meantime they should be driven to it by some sudden, but certainly not unexpected, development of anarchy at the Turkish capital. The absence of money has increased the number of the Sultan's enemies. The last financial expedient with the GalaH bankers is exhausted, and discontent is increasing; but, bad as matters are in the Turkish capital, they are much worse in Bulgaria and Roumelia. The Mahommedan refugees who are returning to the ruins of their homes, find their houses destroyed or in the possession of Christians. So bad is the prospect of these poor creatures, that the Consul St Philippopolib has made an appeal to the benevolence of this country, in which he says, that unless assistance speedily arrives the winter will cut off some sixty or seventy thousand Mussulmans. We have troubles of a similar kind nearer home. As winter advances the distress in Ireland increases, but happily help increases als?. Notwithstanding the jealousies and the difficulties which seem inherent to everything Irish, public charity 13 now flowing very freely, and deaths from actual starvation are likely to be avoided. There are three or four rival relief funds, and this circumstance, considered with the political capital which the Home Rulers sought to make out of the famine question, has greatly checked the flow of relief. There have been further difficulties, arising out of Mr. Parnell's visit to the United States. Though he was at first received very coldly Mr. Parnell has since experienced a perfect ovation. Led away by this enthusiasm, Mr. Parnell has denounced his Irish party colleagues and has brought charges against the committees of the Duchess of Marlborough and the Dublin Mansion House Funds, which have caused a perfect furore of excitement in Ireland. One effect of Mr.' Parnell's tour will undoubtedly be to sever him more surely than over from the; bulk of the Home Rule party. There is every probability that when Parliament meets the Irish wing will show itself to be more divided than ever. The moderate Home Rulers assure to resent Mr. Parnell's recent attacks upon though, his American speeches. The Dublin Mansion House committee have telegraphed to the American papers reply to Mr. Parnell's insinuations that the of and gives no assistance to distressed, farmers who have not paid their rents. The Irish land agitation and the prevalent Irish distress even reached the councils of the Government. The Radicals have been furnished with a cry as to the land which has considerably disturbed the Cabinet. When he appointed the agricultural commission last year, Lord Beaconsfield hoped to postpone legislation till ttío next Parliament, but he must now do something, be it ever so little, as a sop towards satisfying the Radical agitation. I do not suppose the Government are likely to do much in the direction of land tenure, but it is exceedingly probable they will take steps towards abolishing entail and primogeniture. The land laws constitute a much wider and a much more dangerous subject, and Ministers may well prefer to postpone it till they have received the report of the Royal Commission on agriculture. They have already tinkered with the difficulty, in the earlier days of the present Parliament, but the Act was not compulsory, and scores of landlords contracted out of it. Meanwhile the Irish members will not permit the Government to have much peace in respect to the land laws in Ireland. Just at the time when Mr. Parnell's ridiculous agitation to compel landlords to sell their estates seemed to be dying out, because of its inherent foolishness, Mr. Bright has suddenly stepped forward to advocate Mr. Parnell's policy. There is less compulsion about. Mr. Bright's scheme, but in other respects the principle is the same. He would assist tenant farmers to become owners of land by the aid of loans from the public Treasury. For instance, if an estate worth £400 was for sale (Mr. Parnell would regard all estates for sale that were not worked by the owner), Mr. Bright would have the Government advance one fourth of the purchase-money to the tenant, if he could provide the remaining £300 and that thereafter the tenant should pay the State, not in rent, but an annual sum, so calculated that in thirty-five years both principal and interest should be wiped off. How can smell a plan possibly improve the condition of needy farmers ? If they cannot pay their rent, how much less likely will they be able to provide thirty-five successive payments, all of which will be considerably larger than their present rent And if Irish tenants are able to adopt such a plan are they the persons who deserve its benefits P Certainly not on the ground of poverty, for no poor man could meet the liabilities which such a system of purchase would involve. And what a pretty condition the country would exhibit in times of distress ! If the State persisted in obtaining its claims, there would be anarchy amongst their creditors and on the other hand, if the Government made concessions, or allowed postpone- ments, they would be accused of seeking to purchase the Irish vote. Yet these are the nostrums of Mr. Parnell and his great convert. Thorne has been a pretty squabble between the Lord Mayor of Dublin, Mr. Gray, M.P. (proprietor of the Freeman's Journal), and the Viceroy. The Lord Mayor presided at a Home Rule meeting, when resolutions were passed on the motion of The O'Donoghue (who having returned to the allegiance of the Home Rule party, must needs make his proposals as strong as possible), to which the Duke of Marlborough took objection. His Grace felt so strongly over the matter, that he declined to attend the Lord Mayor's ball. Such a terrible event has never been known in the history of Dublin Society. The ball was abandoned, and the Lord Mayor gave the estimated cost of the entertainment to the poor of the city. A few days later the Viceroy held his levee. AU Dublin wondered whether the Lord Mayor would attend it, and curiosity was increased because the Lady Mayoress had provided herself, some weeks before, with a magnificent dress, which had been on view in one of the tradesmen's windows. Whether it was owing to the dress, or to his own good sense, I know not, but Mr. Gray went to the levee. This was the beat ending of the matter, for the Viceroy's grievance was not so much against the Lord Mayor as against The O'Donoghue. The Royal Commission for the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions has not accomplished much. The letters of advice and instruction from Melbourne were sent by post, and reached this country when Parliament had risen and London was empty. In consequence of this misadventure the Commissioners virtually declined to act. The Prince of Wales is being urged to at least make a show of doing " something " for Melbourne, but it is difficult to see what he and the rest of the Commissioners eau now undertake. Mr. Childers, however, is moving in the matter, and his influence is very considerable. I may say that there is not the slightest prospect of the Prince of Wales or any other member of the Royal family coming out to Melbourne. The case of Mr. Elliston has at length been settled. The charges brought against that unfortunate gentleman by Martin Weiberg are now admitted by the Peninsular and Oriental Company to be utterly groundless. All legal proceedings have been stopped ; the company have made a very handsome amends, and given Mr. Elliston a substantial compensation. The Orient Company have given notice that they will not carry any mails under their new Australian service. The Postmaster-General intends to offer them, and if they are refused, the captain will be prosecuted. The company will not object to this, inasmuch as it will draw public attention to their grievance. [This matter, we learn by telegram, has since been satisfactorily settled. ED.] 