 LONDON AND SYDNEY. DAY BY DAY. The German Emperor sent a gold watch to the coxswain of the Longhope lifeboat, and £24 for the men, in recognition of their services in rescuing the crew of a Sunderland steamer, of whom 11 were Germans. The Kaiser's silver wedding presentation to the Czar was a Russian sword, the handle of richly-chased silver being mounted with turquoises. Miss Hays, daughter of a London solicitor, has been awarded the Royal Humane Society's testimonial on vellum for saving the life of a young lady from drowning at Addiscombe. Powers are to be sought for the construction of an underground railway from Hampstead to Charingcross, the line of route following as near as possible the main thoroughfares. There has been on view in Liverpool the mummy of a priest of Pharaoh's and a contem- porary of Moses. An Englishman was picked up in mid- Atlantic by a passing vessel. He proved to be the captain of an English vessel which was disabled. Thinking it was about to sink, the crew took to the boats and were drowned. The captain stuck to his post, and when the ship went to pieces seized a piece of timber, to which he held on for 12 hours battling with the violence of the waves. During the hearing of a law case in London, it was declared that Scotsmen in London are foreigners. A case which sought to establish the plea that railway companies are liable for the safety of their passengers to the extent of protecting them from assaults by fellow- passengers was decided in favour of the com- pany, the assault not being due to overcrowd- ing, but the angry passions of the passengers. A singular action was decided in the Black- burn County Court. The plaintiff, in conse- quence of a remark made by the curate, re- solved never to attend his ministrations again, and was never present when the curate was to preach. One Sunday the curate unexpectedly entered the pulpit, and the plaintiff made for the door to leave the church. The door was locked, and he was kept in during the sermon. He sued the churchwardens for this detention claiming £5 damages, and the Judge gave a verdict for the amount claimed. A miser, reputed to be worth from £30,000 to £40.000, died from starvation at Worksop. He lived alone in a house, doing his own domestic work. A sect known as "Israelites" are said to be preparing to migrate to England from Ontario, being possessed with the idea that the world will shortly come to an end, and that England is the proper place to be in when that event happens. A wife left her husband at Rangamati. The latter complained to the Dewan, who gave him 50 rupees as compensation for his loss, and the wife was to be sold by auction to recover the omount. Mr. Jacob, the jeweller, of Simla, India has been acquitted of the charge made against him by the Nizam of Hyderabad of having criminally misappropriated 23 lakhs of rupees in connection with the purchase of A diamond. The visible supply of American wheat is estimated at 64,000,000 bushels. Count von Caprivi, the German Chancellor, proposes to introduce a bill into the Reichstag to prevent agricultural labourers flocking from the country into the large towns. Russia is building a military railway from Odessa to Kilis, a fortified town in Bessarabia. The Prince of Wales attended the marriage of Lady Spencer Churchill and a son of Sir Samuel Wilson, M.P., of Hughenden Manor. The bride wore a dress of white satin, edged with pearls. Her tiny pages wore picturesque Charles II. costumes in white silk. The bride is a sister of Lord Randolph Churchill, who telegraphed his congratulations. A dinner to all the old folks over 60 years of was given at Brightlingsea, in celebration of the 100th birthday of an old resident who in early life was "pressed" into the service of the Royal Navy. The society which seeks to discourage the wearing of the plumage of birds on ladies' hats has taken effect. A professional fowler com- plains that in the previous year he was asked to get 8000 gulls, but last year be has not shot one, the ladies' association having stopped the demand. A remarkable chalybeate spring has been discovered in the lower greensand near Ampt- hill, Beds. The spring is said to be 17 times richer in tonic constituents than the best spring on the Continent. In the Kettering County Court a man sued the organiser of a letter-counting competition for the prize of £10, which he claimed to have won. The Judge said there was not sufficient proof that the defendant had paid away all the sums promised, and as the plaintiff had correctly counted the letters "b" and "i" in the first 20 chapters of Genesis, the Judge ordered the defendant to pay him £9 16s. 4d. and costs. "Samson, the strong man," by standing on a raised platform, lifted two horses and two men, weighing nearly two tons, by placing his head through a oollar to which chains were attached. A Norwegian giantess, 8ft. 4in. in height, and only 16 years of age, is on exhibition in London. A man named Grand, charged in London with threatening to murder titled ladies unless they gave him £500, and also with forgery, was sentenced to 20 years' penal servitude for the former offence, and an additional seven years for the latter. A rain-making company has been formed in Kansas, and will enter into contracts to provide rain in parched districts. A husband sold his wife to a man in Paris for £20, and received a bill for that amount. As the document was not met when due he sued the man for the amount, but the Judge decided that the bill wan nnll and void, as it hod been drawn for an illegal and improper purpose. During the earthquake in Japan, a Buddhist temple filled with people suddenly collapsed, burying 60 worshippers. The debris taking fire, the shrieking victims were consumed be- fore the eyes of the horrified spectators. There were over 6000 shocks. M. de Brass, the French explorer in the Congo region, has set out on a new expedition. It is understood that his object is to find M. Crampel's party, which was defeated by natives on the way to Lake Tchad. The London Stock Exchange payments into into the Bankers' Clearing House for last year show a decline of £350,000.000. The total business of the Clearing House for the year shows a decline of £930,000,000. Valuable seams of coal have been discovered in Northamptonshire. At Kalbe, a socialist has been sentenced to three months imprisonment for omitting to cheer the Emperor William on a public occa- sion. The death is announced of Sir George Biddell Airy, K.C.B., F.R.S., late Astronomer Royal. The number of stook yarded at the Sydney saleyards during 1891, was 112 222 head of cattle, and 1,968,569 head of sheep. Another new cave has been discovered at Yarrangobilly. It is larger than the Jersey cave, and almost surpasses it in beautiful for- mation. A circular had been issued by the Bank of North Queensland notifying shareholders of a call at the rate of 30s. per share. the result has been a slight reduction in the quotations for the shares. During the year 1891, the declared value of the imports at the Sydney Custom-house was £20,640,736, and of the exports £16,232,449. For the previous year the amounts were — im- ports £16,750,048, exports £13,029,736. 