 LONDON AND SYDNEY, DAY BY DAY. In connection with the disputed will case now being heard, in which Messrs. Arnold and Samuel Morley allege that the late Mr. Henry Morley was unduly influenced to dispose of his money to two brothers named Loughmans, who are members of the sect known as the Plymouth Brethren, evidence was given to show that the deceases withdrew his capital from his brother's firm, and gave the Loughmans £50,000, which was to be expended on the charities, the deceased at the time complaining that he was surrounded by a lot of swindlers. Ben Tillett, the well-known labour leader, against whom a summons was recently issued by a Bristol magistrate on a charge of inciting to riot, has been committed for trial. A Judge in Minnesota (U.S.A.) has decided that the Chinese Exclusion Act is contrary to the Constitution of the United States, and a violation of the right of trial by jury. The cotton operatives on strike in Lancashire are suffering terribly, and the present distress is stated to be worse than has ever been known since the Civil War in America. A number of Conservative members of the House of Commons have decided to support an amendment on the Address in reply to the Queen's Speech, to be moved by Mr. James Lowther, in favour of measures being taken to prevent the influx of destitute aliens into Great Britain. Lord Carrington, late Governor of New South Wales, in a speech delivered in the East End of London, declared that the cessation of State-aided emigration to Sydney must not be regarded as evidence of any unkindness on the part of the colony towards Great Britain. Pope Leo XIII has designated Cardinal Vancitelli as his successor in the Papal chair. It is stated that ex-King Milan, of Servia, and his wife, Queen Natalie, whom he divorced some years ago, have now become reconciled. The British Cabinet have approved of the proposal for the creation of a Labour Department, which it is believed will be superior to similar departments now in existence in France and America. It is stated that Mr. Thomas Mann (labour leader) has been offered, but has refused, a position in the new department. The leading financiers in the city approve of Sir George Dibbs's new taxation proposals. The proceedings in connection with the trial of the directors of the Panama Canal Company. Maitre Barboux, who appeared on behalf of the incriminated directors, has made an eloquent speech for the defence. He dwelt upon the patriotism and the glorious fame of M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, and claimed an acquittal for the defendants, as no fraudulent intent had been proved; and the trial had been instigated by political passion. The Panama Canal, he declared, was not a speculation but an enterprise, and he proceeded at some length to defend the action of the directors and justify the heavy outlay that had been made in connection with the operations of the company. The speech created a great impression, and the advocate was greeted with frequent outbursts of applause. News from Belgrade, the capital of Servia, states that serious rioting has taken place in the Chamber of Deputies, the disorder arising through allegations of treason being made against some of the members. The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone denies the statement that he has invested money in stations in Victoria. A cousin of his was formerly a squatter in Victoria. Mr. Hayter, president of the Institute of Civil Engineers, at a meeting, expressed his opinion that the construction of a tunnel from Scotland to Ireland under the Irish Channel, was a perfectly feasible undertaking. The depth would be 650 feet, and the length 34 miles. He regarded it as unenticing as an investment, and thought it should be treated as a national work. Sayid Abdul Ahad, Ameer of Bohkars, who is now on a visit to St. Petersburg, has offered to cede his country to Russia for an annual payment of £5,000,000. The trial of Rear-Admiral Fairfax by court- martial has cost the Admiralty department £7,000. The frozen meat importers advise that the freezing companies should allow all animal heat to escape prior to freezing, because in many of the quarters last received the meat was putrid in the thickest part. News has been received of a terrible railway disaster in the United States. An express train came into collision at Alton, Illinois, with a goods train, in which were a number of oil tanks. The goods train caught fire and also the oil in the tanks, the whole quantity, 30,000 gallons, exploding with terrific force. Nineteen persons were burned to death, and 70 others were seriously injured. James Francis Egan, who has been serving a sentence for the committal of a dynamite outrage it Birmingham, has been released. The German Government are sending out two cruisers which are to remain in Australian waters. Mr. Macan has written a letter to the Times in which he asks the Imperial Government to grant separation for the central district of Queensland. The principal newspapers in Russia are urging the Russian Government to demand an explanation from Great Britain regarding her intentions in Egypt. The Berlin papers report that Russia is massing troops on the frontier of Poland, and is hastening the completion of strategic railways, barracks, and entrenched camps in that part of Russia's territory. The British troops at Gibraltar and Malta have been ordered to Egypt. The Bank of England has delayed the placing of the Queensland 3½ per cent loan of £1,200,000 owing to their having ignored their own broker, who insisted upon having the prospectus of the loan in order to describe his commission. A report is current that among the bills to which reference will be made in the Queen's Speech of Parliament on the 31st will be included the following: Payment of Members Bill, Local Option Bill, a bill to authorise the establishment of Parish Councils, and bills providing for the disestablishment of the churches of Scotland and Wales. The death is announced of Mrs. Allen, widow of the late Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., and mother of the late Sir George Wigrass Allen, the age of 20 years. She arrived in Sydney with her parents (Bowden) in 1817, and married in 1823. She survived her husband 16 years. The members of the Assembly, on the motion of J. D. Fitzgerald on Tuesday submitted themselves to a voluntarily reduction of 5 per cent. on their parliamentary remuneration. A writ claiming £5,000 for libel was served on the proprietors of the Evening News by the solicitors for Mr. H. J. Pollard, of Brisbane. Mr. Pollard recently formed a juvenile opera company, which played a sesson in Brisbane, and the alleged libel is contained in a paragraph reflecting on the manner in which the members of the company were treated upon their return to their homes, pending Mr. Pollard's arrangements for a further tour. Lord Jersey(?) has resigned to Governorship of the colony owing to private business requiring his attention in England. The Earl of Eglin is spoken of as his probable successor. Sir Henry Parkes has got another vote of censure motion ready for Wednesday next. The Opposition want to get into power, although they say not, but several Protectionist Labour men hold the balances and with others keep the Government in power. They don't believe in Reid or Parkes. 