 THE ALL-RED ROUTE. LONDON TO SYDNEY IN 28 DAYS. Melbourne, October 30. On board the Union liner Marama, which arrived in the bay to-night, was Sir James Mills, the managing director of the Union Steamship Company, who has been absent for some time in Great Britain attending the conference of steamship owners. During his visit he has been making endeavors to have a faster steamship service instituted between England and Australia by way of Canada and New Zealand. There. is every prospect, he says, of his efforts proving successful, and of the time for a through passage from London to Sydney being reduced to 20 or 28 days. Sir James said the papers at home were full . of articles urging the necessity of a more expeditious service between Great Britain and Australia via Canada and New Zealand. He was not yet in a position to say much as to developments in that direction, but it was already known that a committee, appointed by the Imperial Government, was taking evidence in connection with the "all-red" service. Nothing would be done until that committee's . report was placed before the Imperial Government, That might not be for some time. A syndicate of London financial men was preparing a scheme to lay before the imperial Government for a fast service by the "all-red" route, both for the convenience of passengers and the more prompt delivery of mails in New Zealand and Australia. The service. would carry passengers right through from London to Sydney in from 20 days to 28 days. The idea was to construct a railway across Ireland to Black Ned Bay, county Mayo, on the extreme north-west coast. A steam ferry capable of carrying a railway train and its passengers bodily would then be run to Black Sod Bay from a point in Scotland, which it was not at present advisable for him to name. Passengers from London could thereby been able to book right through to Black Ned Bay without transhipment. A fast service of up-to-date steamers would, be established from, there to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and from that place tourists and mails would travel across Canada by an improved and fast train service to Vancouver. At Vancouver they would embark for New Zealand and Australia on new steamers of a larger and faster type than those at present running from there. The costliness of the service would essentially require payment of liberal subsidies. Sir James said the Union Company were having four additional steamers built for the Pacific route. One of them, which would be of the same type as the Maranoa, but about 1,000 tons larger 7,500 tons gross register would he used in the present service. She would have a speed of not less than sixteen knots per hour, and would be launched about the end of October, 1908. If it was decided that the service should remain as at present another vessel of the same class would follow twelve months later. > 