 Jack London's Voyage Adventures in tiie Pacific Menaced by Cannibal Senstional Experiences A Personal Account SYDNEY. Tilis Day. rs jack Loudon, the well EUOWtt American"novfilifit, accompanied W his wife, arrived in Sydney by the Makamba, and they have since been spending their .time viewing tne ^various sights. ' In the course flf.an interview Mr TLondon stated that their yacht dnf- .ted on a reef at MataKa, in the Solomons, and they .were surrounded ^ cannibals. The object of the crtfise, Mr London said, was simply satisfy personal gratification, be- ^caj^ be loved tbeeea. He had been at soa for the greater jiart of his atfe, >ond loved doing this sort of aKihing. From a financial or literary ®oi«t ,tif view there was nothing in tfce -towr. A number of men had sailed -round the globe In What he called -freak boats, mere canoes, and it was -Ms object to mtAc a tour of the world. not in a freak boat, but in the smallest vessel which could make the trip with the least discomfort. IB 18 months tSse -Snark had visited Hawaii (where he -spent five months), Formosa, Tahiti, "Set cicty Islands, Samoa, Fiji, "New Hebrides, and the Solomons. 0 They left the Snark at Gauflalcaoar ' and joined the recruiting vessel Minota, commanded by Captain Jensen, as they desired to see asf much of the islands as possible. Tbej Mipota was ealUng away from the, land after l.wdlng some " boye," when she tftleriod stays, and drifted with the currer.it/on tea reef. Before this incident,' not a native was, •to be seen, but as noon as theves- «el got into difficulties, savages api peered on the beacfe as K by magic. Within a few minutes there were, thousands ' ot savages present. Later the dumber was affgumented ^ by busbrten from the inferior. Many natives' pushed off in canoes, but Captain Jensen through an interpre-. ter told them that if they came, near be would open fire on them.,, Tfcis threat had the effect of keeping the savages at a respectable dlstance, but It was noted -that many of the islanders were armed with, rifles. The erew af the Minota were •applied- &lt; with rifles. A. message - was sent to the nearest station, and after three days'a whaleboat waseent to their assistance. She, was followed by . the recruiting vessel ..Eugenie, During the whole ot the. operations of lightering the Minota,-the cannibals were b'it a short; distance a way. Eventually, Mr and Mrs London were tafcen back tto Guadalcanar. 