 LONDON AND SYDNEY. VISITING COUNTY COUNCILLOR. DEBTS AND DAY LABOUR. "The Commonwealth quibbled over a few pounds," said Mr. Collins, of the London County Council, who is in Sydney, when soon yesterday. "There was the land for their offices in the finest position in the world. For the sake of a few pounds a year they throw it up. 'It cost us £5,000,000 to make that street, and the Victorian Government have got the corner of it, the finest position in London. If the other States built alongside. It would be a magnificent place for advertising them. There was land still vacant there when I left they were there after Christmas. I expect they will all go before the end of the year. The council lets them on lease of 99 years, I think. Canada has her offices against Char- ing Cross, where everyone can SPO them-with a small grain elevator In the window empty- ing grain into a boat. Remember, the 5,000,000 people who live in London and the 3,000,000 who live just outside pass those places constantly. And nine out of ten of the people of London came originally from the country." Mr. Collins said he know Lord Chelmsford on the London County Council. "He was a fine educationist," he said, "and a level- headed man. THE DEBT OF LONDON. Whilst the so-called progressive council was in power In London. during 18 years it piled up a debt for over £100,000,000. We have £40,000,000 to £50,000,000 of assets in land and tramways to set against it. There are no assets whatever against £50,000,000. Since the moderates have come into power we have had to pick up £6,000,000 of their floating bonds. We have bought up £750,000 worth of our own stock in the last six or seven months. "We have closed down the works department, which used to employ 2000 men, and are letting the work to contractors. It stands to reason that the contractors supervise it more closely. There cannot be any supervision worthy the name in a huge municipal concern like ours was. You can see that in the case of the water companies. Before all the London water companies were resumed by a board the service was every bit as good as it is now, and 20 per cent cheaper. And in the board's one office they have as many clerks as they had in all the old companies put together. SYDNEY'S SMOKE. "I think Melbourne is the best managed city I have seen in Australia," said Mr. Collins. They deal with the smoke nuisance better there than in Sydney. But If you only get rid of the smoke here I think I should prefer Sydney. All the Australian towns I have seen have splendid municipal buildings quite as good as anything we have." 