 SYDNEY TO LONDON. IN LESS THAN 21 DAYS. . In 1887 the first transcontinental train of the Canadian-Pacific Railway entered Vancouver, and, aided by the clamour of a new-born Imperialism, the subject of the "All Red Route" came to the front. It was the late Mr. Wm. Huddart who went to London in the early nineties, full of enthusiasm, to secure support for a line of fast mail steamers he desired to establish between Sydney and Vancouver. HIB Imperialism was not questioned, but his belief in the commercial success of the scheme he had at heart did not convince the city. However, a measure of support was forthcoming, and it was soon after that the line was inaugurated. For years it struggled, if not precisely with adversity, at least with difficulties. To-day a brilliant success, it constitutes a monument to one of the most unselfish Australians that ever lived, a man who loved his land and his, Empire, and in the practical, though in a sense pioneering, work of establishing the "All Red Route," has left a monument more enduring than one of brass or granite. It was for long customary to ridicule what may be termed "Hud dart's life-work to-day it is recognised that he laid the foundations and nurtured in its infancy a something which has grown to be the greatest competitor to the Suez route for the carriage of mails between the Commonwealth and the old country, which now exists. Nevertheless, unless vessels of a greater speed are placed in commission, there is little to be feared of Suez losing the bulk of its mail' carriage. With speedier Ships come increased expenditure, and, after all, when financial sacrifices are demanded, Imperialists are somewhat few and far between. Despite the definite and specific advantages the Suez Canal route enjoys, he who runs may read certain writings on the wall of time which plainly announce that even the Do Lesseps route is doomed. The trans Persian railway, before 1923, will link the railway systems of Europe and India. By that date the railway viaduct which is to connect the Ceylon and Indian railways, via Adam's Bridge, will have been constructed, at least such is a reasonable assumption. Long before this date the joining of Fremantle with" Sydney will be working, and here alone a sav- ing in mail transit time of at least four days is anticipated. The trans Persian railway will bring Colombo within nine or ten days of London, so, at least, conservative estimates place it. "It will then be possible to travel between Fremantle and London, assuming the speed of the vessels between Fremantle and Colombo enables the distance to be covered In seven days, in practically two weeks and a half. If a speed of 20 knots is maintained, there will be a reduction to 16 days, but on the basis of a 25 knot per hour speed, publicists in London have declared will be demanded when the completing spike of the transfer- sian railway is driven, then the western entrance to the Commonwealth will be within practically a fortnight of the world's metropolis. A gentleman writing recently from the Royal Colonial Institute maintained that Madras would be the port of embarkation and disembarkation for the Australian British mails, to be forwarded by rail across Persia. This is a suggestion which, while interesting, does not commend itself upon examination. It might be urged that there are parts nearer to Australia than Colombo which could be used as the Asiatic land terminal. This is true in a measure, but much money would require to be expended before they could be considered, quite independent of a railway connection many of them do not enjoy. There is one exception in Weligama, 20 miles E.S.E. of Galle, and roughly 90 miles nearer Fremantle from Colombo, Situated on a fine bay, with a two mile-wide opening, a breakwater, and some blasting to remove certain rocks now form- ing obstructions, would probably make a perfect harbour. The expense would be considered as unwarranted, considering its close proximity to Colombo, though it is an axiom that mails be carried the longer distance by rail, where possible, at from 30 to 60 miles an hour, than by sea at a speed of 20 to 25 statute land miles per hour. As. in the case of the Orient line making Taranto its southern European mail post, so in the future a safe harbour at the extreme south of Ceylon may be demanded by British and. Australian shipping Interests, though the saving in time over the whole your - ney would be so infinitesimal that it is more than open to argument whether the facilities Colombo already possesses will be superseded. While, therefore, the existing mail channel via the Suez Canal may be safely taken as not having a prolonged term of life to run, there does not appear to be any ground for not assuming that what may be designated the land terminal ports for the Australia-Europe mail service in the future must be Colombo and Fremantle. A great Imperial statesman, and certainly one of the ablest Governors Ceylon ever had, Sir West Ridgeway, declared, in connection with the now completed railway , running . from Colombo to the north of the island, that he hoped to live to see the day when the Australian, passenger would enter his railway carriage at Colombo and leave it at Calala, Events have moved rapidly In 13 years, and what may, In 1900, have appeared to many as the exaggerated opinion of a statesman who has always endeavoured to look into the future, is now not very far, as human time is measured, from the verge of realisation that is, in the main-the through railway carriage single being regarded more in the light of hyperbole. The Transcontinental railway in Australia, the junction of the Ceylon, Indian, and European systems is no longer a vague and nebulous proposition. The stage of the actual has been reached, and the generation to follow will witness the completion of a vast scheme, the effects of which are not easy to estimate. It is as yet early to speak of Sydney being brought within a fortnight of London; at the same time, before dismissing the suggestion with the word impossible," It would be well to bear in mind the remark of the late Lord Kelvin respecting the use of that adjec- tive. One thing is certain-a continuation of the 31-33 day service, which represents the regular mail time in this year of grace, can- not be expected to continue. An alternative monthly service, giving 29 days' transit, is now provided via San Francisco; but the drawbacks of a service, however excellent in itself, which presents such long intervals, possesses in a commercial sense disadvantages which cannot be overlooked. In addition to the sentimental side or the benefits, in an Imperial sense, speedy mail communications bring about, there are those purely business or commercial advantages which are almost legion To name one, bills in transit, is to indicate not the least important. The Panama Canal will not offer a mail service which from the point of view of expedition, can ever be seriously compared to that which will be given to Sydney citizens via Fremantle, Ceylon, India, Persia, Russia, and Germany 