 NEW STEAMSHIP LINES _0_ERIC_VN PROPOSAL;. SYDNEY TO LONDON IN 29 DAYS. LARGEST STEAMERS IN THE PACIFIC. Considerable-interest has been aroused in shipping circles regarding a proposed new line of trans-Pacific steamers, by means of which passengers and mails from Sydney could reach London nearly a week earlier than' is possible by the present route via Italy. The proposal has emanated from Mr. James Hill, the American railway magnate, and chairman of the board of directors of the Great Northern Railway system. It is said that it is Mr. Hill's intention to order four powerful passenger steamers and place them in the trans-Pacific service to connect with the Hill system of railways at Seattle. These steamers are to be larger and faster than anything at present running between Sydney and America. Seattle, which is the terminus of the Hill railway systems, is to be the port of call for the new line. It is intended that the speed of the new steamers shall be such as to enable them to cover the journey between Sydney and Seattle In the short period of 16 days. By the aid of the fast railways in America and the speedy Atlantic liners on the other side of the continent passengers would be landed in London 25 or 26 days after leaving Sydney. Besides being of great tonnage the vessels are to be fitted up in the most luxurious style in order to attract the passenger traffic. Mr. Hill has been closely associated with many railway and steamship ventures in the past. In 1878 - he organised a syndicate which secured control of the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad from the Dutch owners of the securities. He reorganised the system as the St. Paul, Minneapolis, and Manitoba Railway Company, and was its general manager from 1879 to 1882, vice-president 1882-3, and president 1888-89. It afterwards became part of the Great Northern Railway system, in the building of which Mr. Hill took part. This extended from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, with northern and southern branches, and a direct steamship connection with China and Japan. He was president of the entire Great Northern system from 1893 to 1907, and then became chairman of the board of directors. 