 AIRSHIPS FOR AUSTRALIA. London to Sydney in 12 Days Big Scheme Nearing Completion. Among the passengers who reached Ade- laide by the express from Melbourne on Thursday morning was Sir Keith Smith, K.B.E., Australian representative of Vickers, Limited, who has come from Sydney, his headquarters, to be present at the ceremony of unveiling the statue of his brother, the late Sir Ross Smith, at Creswell Garden, to-morrow morning. The firm Sir Keith represents is one of the largest and most important in the Bri- tish Empire, and it is a great tribute to his business knowledge and acumen that they should have selected such a young man to watch their interests in the Com- monwealth. The ramifications of Vickers, Limited, are most extensive, and the range of goods manufactured by them is wide in the extreme. The Vickers Com- monwealth Steel Products, whose works are at Newcastle, New South Wales, be- long to them, and their work principally consists in the manufacture of wheels, tyres, axles, manganese points and cross- ings, and steel castings generally. The works are equipped with the most modern plant, and would be invaluable to Aus- tralia in time of war. Vickers, Limited, at present are building a large number of aeroplanes for the British Government, and have already supplied many to Japan, the Dutch East Indies, and various South American republics. A Marvel of the Air. Referring to the types of 'planes which his firm have supplied to the British Gov- ernment, Sir Keith Smith told a represen- tative of The Register that they were long-distance bombers, troop carriers, and ambulances, and for places like South America they had manufactured a large number of single-seater "all-metal" scouts. Their machines were known as the Vickers Victoria, the Vickers Vanguard, and the Vickers Vernon. At present they were building the R101, a huge dirigible being constructed to the order of the Bri- tish Government. It would have a tour- ing range of about 3,000 miles, non-stop, would carry more than 100 passengers, and from 10 to 12 tons of mails and freight. It was estimated that it would cut the journey from London to Sydney down to 10 to 12 days, and to achieve that object was one of the main reasons for its construction. It was in connection with this, and another equally large air- ship which was being constructed, that the airship delegation recently visited Aus- tralia, their object being to enquire regard- ing suitable airship sheds, mooring sta- tions, and meteorological data. The air- ship which his firm was building would have six 700 h.p. Rolls-Royce engines. Each would be independent of the others, and petrol would be used at the start. They hoped, however, to switch over to the Diesel type of engine later. Provided the wind was fair and the weather condi- tions were good, one engine would be suffi- cient to drive the R101; but everything would depend upon the weather and the load being carried. It would be equipped with sending and receiving wireless direc- tional wireless, and telephones. She would have a cruising speed of about 70 miles an hour, and would carry a crew of more than 40, who would be divided into three watches. He had been up in a dirigible, and there was no sensation of motion. There would be an entire absence of noise, and no smell from the engines, and intend- ing passengers would be glad to learn that, owing to the absence of motion, there would be no air sickness. The new airship would be nearly 700 ft. long and 138 ft. through. The sensation would be like sitting in a stationary railway car- riage. There would be no dust, and the voyager would inhale nothing but the purest of fresh air. They expected to have the ship in the air by next March or April; but at any rate, it would be ready during the first half of next year. He believed the contract was for £350,000. Fostering an Air Sense. Discussing the future of aviation, Sir Keith Smith said he believed its progress would be slow, as one could not force flying upon the people. Aviation required to be built upon a solid basis, in order to make the public realize its many advan- tages. He had read with much pleasure of the remarkable success which had at- tended the opening pageant of the South Australian Aero Club, and thought it augured well for the future. He con- sidered aero clubs an excellent idea, and deserving of every support. They would have a great bearing upon the question of developing the "air sense" of the people. Later a move would have to be made in the direction of establishing the nucleus of an aircraft factory in the Com- monwealth. At present the Larkin Air- craft Company ("Qantas") and the Wes- tern Australian Airways, Limited, were building machines under licence. He be- lieved in starting in a small way, as for some time the demand must necessarily be small. Speaking in regard to beautiful sights as viewed from the air, Sir Keith Smith agreed that Sydney Harbour was almost without compeer, but the most wonderful vista he had over seen was that presented by the Thousand Isles, just to the north of Batavia. They were appa- rently of coral formation, and their vivid green colouring, studded as they were in the glorious blue of a tropical sea, viewed in the early morning, was a never-to-be- forgotten sight. He should always remem- ber, too, a wonderful spectacle he wit- nessed when crossing the Gulf of Siam. It was a perfect rainbow, which formed a complete circle and appeared imme- diately under the 'plane, its colours being most vivid. 