 Bound for London THE SOUTHERN CROSS DEPARTS TRIP EXPECTED TO TAKE THIRTEEN DAYS SYDNEY, Saturday. The Southern Cross started from Richmond aerodrome at 10.46 o'clock this morning on its journey to Lon- don, which is expected to take 13 days. It is expected that they will make a non-stop run to Wyndham for the first stage. Before leaving, the aviators broad- cast messages. Squadron-Leader Kingsford Smith said: "We have only a matter of two or three minutes be- fore we take off, so I have not much time to make a speech to you. It is fine to see so many of you good folk here to speed us on our way, and when we are sitting up in the sun it will be something to think about in a mo- ment the Southern Cross will be but a speck to you, and we shall be on our way to the Old Country If the bus behaves as it did on the last flights I have no doubt about our making our objective. We will win through, and I hope we will achieve something which will contribute towards the linking up of the Empire by air communications and, incidentally, do something for Australia. Cheerio, all of you, and many thanks for the wonderful send- off." "My partner Kingsford Smith, has told you of our hopes and prospects,'' said Flight-Lieut. C. T. P Ulm. "I can only tell you that for the future glory and success of this great country, I do sincerely hope that the good wishes showered on our little party will come to fruition by a successful landing in the little island the Motherland, 12,000 miles away, thereby strengthening the bonds of friendship and bringing nearer the time when it will be days only, and not weeks, that divide us from the hub of the world. The South- ern Cross is in splendid condition, and we look forward to a successful jour- ney." Lieut T. H. McWilliam said: "My chance of telling you of the prospects will begin when I start tapping the key. so, till then, all the best." Lieut. H. A. Litchfield said: "Given good visibility and the best of luck, the Southern Cross is good enough to lap the world Kingsford Smith said that they were not out to break Bert Hinkler's record, but they had business in London, and the plane was the only suitable way to travel. A big crowd saw the departure. Se- veral planes circled overhead. Smith and Ulm were informed im- mediately before their departure that Lord Stonehaven regretted that cir- cumstances did not permit of the pre- sentation of the Air Force Cross be- fore they left. It would be made when they reached London, probably by King George. The fliers carried a wreath from the Returned Soldiers' League. This will be placed on the Cenotaph in London The propellers were tipped with metal to resist severe storms. This work was done at the R.A.F. work- shops at Randwick, and at almost the last moment the Air Board sent wire- less messages to the Randwick shops and the Richmond aerodrome that 5s. per hour overtime was still due for the work. Smith and Ulm offered to present the Southern Cross to the War Museum, but the Defence Department reply was a mere formal acknowledgment of the offer. Kingsford Smith was not fully re- covered from an eight-day bout with influenza. Reports tell of the plane having passed the Darling and Warrego Rivers on the westward journey. 