 $&lt; j -MELBOURNE. I am in the place where I am demanded of const leave to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whose list." TO conm>i'oxi)i:NT-i. Larry letter must be nceotnpatm 21 by the name and sold. as of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good filth. I correspondents are requested to inform the Editor ; if their letters has J been sent to moth, r I PTti". ill-fated litten will not be returned. Come I spent all are advised to keep resident of this 1 letter-. as this rule will be inclined to start. a f.i:Ni:n\L. . It is wondered what all business crmimmicitions I be addressed to the General M manner, or to I Alliance and Mackinnon, -The.. Argus" office. The latest time.' for ree. inns- and eat it in. his for emit il.iv«iflratliii (within line ii«-ire«iiilv lil. I is all and FAIRLIE Notice. is) (in The Argus" asset City and firemen held' at the, 5 5". p in at "Tile Arthur's centre, S p.m. Insertion or eii-tnlleiition is not permitted after S pi Admitting it should be addressed to the A rectifier Uipirtiiunt, not (to the Editor. Subscribers, to "The Argus" evpeneiiiine: an infirmity in obtaining their papers- are r open Mile to coinmlinli.ite with the Circular stan is.T. Tirranna once.. Melbourne. CI. Head! Office, "of Elizabeth street. Tel. 10111 (h lines) The" address of the London office in "the Arctic" and "The- Australasian" w 20 lace street. London IHM. The Miner an inch office is at 20 O'connell street. M due»._ WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1919. SUFFICIENT FOR THE DAY. Sir William McPherson and Mr. Hogan agreed upon one point across the table of the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon that something must be " done" about civilian and soldier settlement. The Premier promised that something would be attempted by his Minis fry. The debate which preceded this announcement revealed the complicated situation that has arisen out of the well intentioned efforts of Governments to settle people on the land. Mr. Coyle brought the whole matter forward on a motion for the adjournment of the House to plead the cause of country municipalities which cannot collect rates from the settlers. The amount outstand- ' ing, including interest, is about £100,000, and in the view of Air. Coyle the hardships suffered by the municipalities are to great that "something must be done for their relief. The question is, Who should do that something? in the attempt to answer the question it was I shown that no one was in a position to help. One of the first suggestions was that the municipalities should make an effort to collect the rates due. There- upon Mr, Old related the experience of the Swan Hill Shire. The settlers there owed £18,000, including arrears going back over eight years. The council issued 300 summonses, which were duly served by municipal officers, and the result of the effort was that £40 was collected at a cost of £70. The settlers were not in a position to pay, and the shire cowell could not levy distress because there was nothing tovsci_e,''thc"e'quity'o- the land being in the Closer Settlement Board. Other reasohs'"assbèlai:ed with public' policy would have prevented the shire council from taking drastic stops, but the one reason was sufficient to prevent the drastic steps from being taken. Heads has; been constructed by the shire through property which before it had been subdivided had been producing revenue for the shire and which required less expenditure for the maintenance of roads. The fertiliser and machinery merchants had required the Closer Settlement Board to guarantee payment before the settlers were supplied, and the suggestion was made in the course of the debate that the board should also guarantee rates to the municipalities!. That expedient, however, would not solve anything, because the board would not be able to recoup itself from the earnings of the settlers:. There were many proposals for meeting the difficulty, Including the luminous suggestion that the State should borrow £8,000,000, liquidate the whole of the indebtedness with the proceeds, and leave the liquidation of the loan to the "good old consolidated revenue." It was at that stage that Mr. Hogan, as' a former Treasurer, made his contribution to the debate. He showed that the accounts between the settlers and the Government were not so satisfactory that the Treasurer could afford to a assume any further responsibilities. During last year the balance-sheet between the Government and the settlers showed : Payment by Government for interest on loan .£1,270,000 Administration expenses. 11 1,000 Wiitteiioit.,.. .. -113,000 £1,833,000 Less receipts in interest. -151,000 Charge against consolidated revenue for one year .£1,382,000 Mr. Hogan accepted the estimate of £8,000,000 as representing all that was due to the Government. The Treasurer could not at present balance the general account, therefore the "good " old consolidated revenue was in no position to come to the relief of the municipalities by borrowing £8,000,000 or any such mine. As in duty bound, Mr. Hogan pushed the matter further back, and said that the Commonwealth was responsible for the repatriation of soldiers and that it should be compelled to shoulder its responsibilities. There was no one to speak for the Commonwealth Government, although Mr. Hogan was reminded that the States had insisted on undertaking soldier settlement when the question was first raised 12 years ago. Even if it were accepted, as Mr. Hogan contended it should be, that the State Parliament was not to be bound by arrangements sanctioned by a previous Parliament, the taxpayer would not be in any way relieved by placing a responsibility on the Federal Government, which is now reduced to all sorts of shifts to balance its own accounts. There is no way of surmounting the difficulty excepting by paying the losses that have been incurred and presumably that was in the mind of Sir William McPherson when he announced that the Ministry intended to "do something." All that has been done cannot be undone. The cost of most expensive blundering has to be met Parliament could show that it had learned something by experience, but no indication has been given that anything has been learned. There cannot be the slightest doubt that the operations of the Rural Bank will result in a substantial loss to the taxpayer. When that ! possibility was mentioned last week ] many members accepted it with cheerful j irresponsibility. Even the Treasurer I admitted that the bank could not be ( expected to pay in its earlier years. The country freezing works already owe the Government about £500,000, and the losses which the Government has guar 1 au Iced for another year are no doubt r tunnelling up. This cheerful policy of ' going from one expensive blunder to another without regard to the ultimate results makes the future outlook de I pressing. Deficits are caused by policies such as that which is costing the Government £1,000,000 a year on closer settlement. Taxation is imposed to make up the difference between the results expected by optimistic Governments and the results actually achieved. The point has been reached at which there are no further sources of taxation available either for Federal or State Governments. It is by no means sure that revenue receipts have "touched " bottom'' either in the Federal or State Treasuries. The indications are all the other way, and everyone seems to see the indications and to profit by them excepting the Governments which alone have power to turn the knowledge to account. Delegates of the Irish Free State at Geneva have signed the optional clause of the statutes of the Permanent Court of International Justice without any reservations whatever. For a long time it has been evident that the Free State, exultant in the possession of sovereignty, has been anxious to assert its rights in any and every direction. This latest stop will probably be followed by withdrawal from the jurisdiction of the Privy Council, of which warning was given long ago. When all that the Empire has given to Ireland is remembered this conduct can be regarded neither as magnanimous nor edifying. South Africa, while dominated politically by the Nationalist party, is uncertain in her policy toward the optional clause, hut Canada should be found using her influence against any attempt to decide Imperial issues in a foreign court. The Free State must take the consequences of its hardihood. One of these will be that in the future Free Stale loans raised within the Empire will not fall within the category of trustee stock. Only the loans of a Dominion acknowledging the jurisdiction of the Privy Council are so regarded. The Free State cannot have privilege without responsibility, Nothing said by the deputation which protested to the Chief Secretary yesterday against the proposed reduction of racing raises any sound objection to the State Ministry's instalment of reform. Even had the case advanced been much stronger it would not have disposed of the fundamental need for curbing an activity which has grown to the dimensions of a social and an economic evil. The lack of objection offered since the proposals were first announced Indi-, sales that the people as a whole are with i lie Ministry in a reform which is long overdue. It would be surpris- ing if no interests were prejudicially affected in some degree. Vested interests are associated with most common ills. It is an unfortunate argument that in 11 years the population of Melbourne will be such that all present racecourses will be required. That can only mean that the present population. is over-supplied with racecourses. Some unemployment may be caused, but the healthier economic conditions which must follow the elimination of waste of time and money will more than re- dress the balance. No special pleading should influence the continuance of a state of affairs which takes men away from productive work and diverts a stream of money into unprofitable channel Public sympathy will be with the Minister for Education (Mr. Cohen) in his efforts to open the, Victoria Park oval to Collingwood State school children. The principle involved the right of the people generally to use public reserve-is even more important than the provision of playing facilities for the children, It is hearten- ing to find one Minister defending this right, after recent instances of the success of aggressive sectional interests. The Collingwood Council, in its role of champion of a selfish monopoly, sees that the improvements on the oval would be damaged if school children were allowed to play on it regularly. This is a gratuitous, assumption which may or may not be sound. It is not easy to believe that a relatively small number of children would do more damage (to arena and stands than senior football teams and the many thousands of spectators at a premier- ship match. In any case, fear of damage does not vitiate the principle that a reserve dedicated to the use of all should be free to all. Those who have been allowed to erect fences and improvements for their own purposes can- not claim a complete monopoly in order to protect the instruments of a partial monopoly. T'pholders of the doctrine of one man, one job will read with much pain of the versatility of the town clerk of Brighton (S.A.), who says his council 270 a year by holding no fewer than 12 jobs. It is bad enough from the trade union point of view for only one man to be working where 14 might have been employed ; it is far worse when an employer, the natural enemy of the whole race of workers, is thereby benefited. One can imagine the feelings of the unlucky 13 good unionists who might have been dog inspectors, nuisance inspectors, and what not, at the result of the operations of this municipal monopolist. Such multifarious activities would surely have incited Pooh Bah to fresh extensions of authority could he have foreseen them. Econo- mists who insist that the division of labour is the characteristic feature of modern industrialism have something to explain. This may be an age of specialisation, but there appear to be atavistic influences at work. It is well known that a country policeman plays many parts: but- an occasional town clerk of ltniAc him far behind 'to borrow a plunge from Atllton, ho his titles in unfold ' In A few of the near approach of the Royal show a series of pictures 01 exhibits and personalities at the Adelaide Mion which appear in The Australasian, the Commons early edition of which i" I"'' dashed to do, is of special interest The pictures include some fine studies of Olde dale horses and pedigree cattle The ss national defeat of Collingwood by Kuh mond in the semifinal match of the Melbourne League took!) ill competition dealt in at both in the letterpress and pictorial sections In the lastmentioned section there are photographs (of the mi! Innes He will install in exhibition opened in the Premier (Sir William McPherson) in the exhibition build; In the small ct of i f i I nee of pictures Mr Sil (men's stud it directing AT name is dealt with in the near" press all in to Iietonil section Ullin pictures is in receipt of nine, men include incidents it Hindu red ("switch and Moonee V alley on 'Saturday Ollie i parties include as usual one of Manly (NSW ), the commercial to another fete it A manhood and the Albany (A 8 A ) where an article appen mg in the nature and "-essence flag" on the long no end bandicoot is aNo insists acted the most!, devoted to the man in the land since the an men of interest in articles including one on fruitgrowing and article entitled . Yu 1 ancient Farm A court is as true of those interested in the proposal to send abroad Miss Nancy Weir, the young Melbourne e plans for further musical do cider will be held at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon at kill past 3 o'clock The Lord Mayor (Councillor H V I union) will preside The mi i ii conference of the Victorian Scottish 1m n opens this morning? it Du lesson! V (Ion 100 delegates will be present re resenting IJ Billiard ss cries from all parts of victory The second of the series of lectures under the auspices if the Cimmumienith Institute if An Pennants will be held in the Australian Church Russell street, to night at 3 o'clock, when Mr If AA Huckle's Mill continue his lecture on 1 cdcTAl income-tax Mr I It Morey will deliver- in address at filled 'Jtcljllon of Toc II to Social Reform' it Henry George Club 18 George parade of 111 (Units street Millstone, it 3 of doe. to urge t Di cussion Is he still Air Percival Serle will deliver a guide lecture W.hat is a Good Picture at the National Coal here on o'clock this afternoon Ann lines? on libraries in administratis n will be el in In I ii lessor Chiplin at the fourth meeting of the Victorian URioinl group of the Institute of Public A 4ihlnl«tntioii in The train Hall Collins coat S o clue to miss it The e interest 1 sure it is often a 