 the stand -MELBOURNE I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whose list " COHRFSPOMM-NTS are requested to inform the editor if their letters are also sent to another paper Each letter must have the name and address of the writer attached, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith Rejected letters will not be returned Business communications should be addressed to the General Manager Difficulty in obtaining copies of The Argus should be reported to the Circulation Manager Advertisements will be received by City and suburban news agents up to 5 to p m Clflssillea lion of other than necessarily late Death] and Funeral Notices cannot be guaranteed if a series at The Argus * office later than 8 pm Vdvtrtl events must be addressed to the water rising Department WILSON AND MACKINNON, PROPRIETORS Head Office 365 Elizabeth street, Melbourne, CI Urimbin Melbourne 243 Collins st , Sydney, 26 O'Connell st , London, so ried st, E C I voxDiY, ir Anon in, ion A PROUD DAY FOR SYDNEY. All Australia joined on Saturday in the felicitations to the parent city of Sydney which were called for by the triumphant completion of the great Harbour Tii'itlge. Upon noteworthy occasions such as this there is no room for parochialism in the thoughts of the people of the Commonwealth. The con- gran filiations to Sydney upon an achievement which, for many years, had been a dream, have been widespread and sincere. The general character of the interest evoked is attested by the large numbers of visitors from other States and other parts of the world who flocked to Sydney to witness the official opening of the bridge, and by the many thousands who availed themselves of the accounts broadcast over an all-Australian network. Appropriately, glorious sunshine favoured the day to which Sydney had looked forward eagerly for many months, and the gay pageantry was worthy of its magnificent setting, both by day and by night the massive bridge and the beautiful harbour were a feast of colour and light and minds lion. It is with no tinge of malice, but rather with a sobering sense of reali- ties that thinking people will roses are, now that the gay tumult has ceased and the colour and light have failed in the dawn of a more precise (lay. that much money has been spent in f eM i vi- ties at a time when there is very little available even for necessities. It would have been too much to expect, however, that the completion of such a gigantic task could have been allowed to pass without some .-ulcqiinlo demonstration of the feelings of the people. There are exceptional occasions upon which it is not wise to make considerations of cost jKirninounl. The melodrama The conduct of a military career' which momentarily interrupted the unified, opening ceremony deserves unsparing condemnation. The aspect of the episode which strikes all balances people Is its utter futility. Ity prematurely slashing at a ribbon with a sword the misguided and foolhardy culprit did not prevent Mr. Lang from officially opening the bridge. He may have emphasised to the world that Mr. Lang line- earned from large numbers of the people hatred and scorn to such a degree that these feelings, sometimes seek an extraordinary event ; but he has done more than that, copies tat Ives of His Majesty the King and leading citizens in all walks of life had given their countenance to the ceremony and dignified it with their presence, and the. unseemly interruption was a direct insult to them. The action might easily have creared a riot among the crowds of people of opposing political beliefs gathered in their thousands upon a great emotional occasion. There is a constitutional way of demonstrating to Mr. Lang that his government 1st obnoxious to the people of New South Wales. The foolish action of Saturday morning added nothing to the strength of the political campaign against Mr. Lang. His beyond question that the theatrical behaviour of the New Guard for some time before (he celebrations on Saturday created an atmosphere favourable to such an incident as marred an otherwise brilliant and memorable ceremony. 