 & AH. LIJO URNE I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak impugn it whoso list. ' CO!TItLi!POSDbx,TS are requested to inform the Editor if their letters are also sent to another paper Each letter must have the name and address of the writer attached not necessarily for publication but as a guarantee of good faith Rejected letters will not be returned Uusli can communications should be addressed to the General Manager Difficulty in obtaining, coal les of 'The Argus' should be reported to the Circulation Manager Advertisements will be received by City and Suburban UCWH aged ten up to 5 up in Classification of other than accessible late Keith and funeral S lines since I guaranteed if re eelie I Jt The Argus office Kittr than 3 p m vdvirl[sementé must be a 1 Ire used To III AU strafing Dei artment WILSON AND MACKINNON PROPRIETORS, Head Office 365 Elizabeth street Melbourne C 1 Branches Melbourne 243 Collins st , Sydney, a O'Connell st London TO Fleet it EC rocwAY, if by 2!, JOS" EMPIRE DAY There has been almost a Avot'ld revo | station and really a European revolution [ visited the Empire Day movement was established by the Earl of Meath formerly ately after the death of Queen Victoria, over the British Empire has stood un- shaken, Behind that indisputable fact is at salutary reflection. The Empire was built to withstand strain. It rests upon principles of political liberty, upon freedom of thought and discussion, and upon other elements inherent in both. If violence makes little headway among British peoples it is because they are members of a nation which has learned the tangible benefits of progress in an orderly and constitutional manner. The structure of the Empire withstood the shock and suffering of war not because it was great In area, strong in wealth, or impregnable to attack. All these characteristics were present, but its capacity to resist shock lay in the principles upon which it was built and the ideals which it pursued. Other European Powers had great wealth, vast military organisations, impressive traditions, and abounding patriotism. Nevertheless, they fell, and their people suffered not only humiliation but dire distress. The Ialeutcinint-Goveruor (Sir William Irvine) reminded the people on Sunday that the Commonwealth could not have maintained His Integrity, much less have progressed, had it not been for the protection which Imperial unity afforded it. Australians have taken all that largely for granted. It is usual for young people whose circumstances are cast in pleasant places to assume that these conditions IIIIA'C come to them as a natural right, and no especial good for- tune has been the lot of those who enjoy them. The truth is that Australians have been singularly fortunate in their long immunity from danger from outside the Commonwealth. From the Roman Empire right down the ages there has not been a country that has not had to fight his way to victory or has not been obliterated by defeat. If the unique and happy lot of Australia can be traced, as undoubtedly it can, to Imperial unity there is no need to say anything more in defence or in appreciation of the inestimable advantages which had HOAVD from the Imperial bond. The long peace which Australia has enjoyed is part of and is interwoven with its membership of the Empire in particular It is due to the prestige and the power of the British Navy. So far from retarding the development of Australia, the association with the Empire has fostered its development and has promoted Its material advantage. The best proof of this is In the view which is now being taken of the trade of the Empire. In the normal course of world history, following con- vulsions of any kind, a disturbed people look toward change, whatever the merits of the change may he for improvement in their conditions. That characteristic is by no means absent from the internal controversies of the Empire. No one, however. with the exception of a few almost negligible dis rttptloulsts, suggests that the disintegra- tion of the British Empire is a solution of any problem. On the contrary, minds are turning not to disintegration, hut to stronger material ties to lift the people out of their troubles. This year a conference representing every part of the Empire will assemble in Ottawa. The practical outcome of such a gather- ing as that cannot be measured merely by a close study of tariff schedules. Its value will be best est limited In the proof that It affords of the continued unity of the people of the Empire and of the conviction that in such nulty The (heir safety and their prosperity. TRADES HALL SUBTLETY. -2 When the executive of the Victorian Labour party decided on Saturday night that its place was behind Mr. Lang, but that it was not prudent to be seen in that place, it was confronted by a difficult task. The executive decided that it would he a "test of the six " verity" of all good Labour supporters whether they voted to support Mr. Lang or not. Everyone had to vote for Mr. Lang or be declared Insincere. That did not mean that everyone who voted for Mr. Lang was a regular tourist. is meant, according to this very subtle executive, that those who voted for Mr. Lang were constitutional purists, offended beyond cure by the unconstitutional conduct, of the Governor of New South Wales (Sir Philip Game). It appears, therefore, that a (politician may he a repudiation 1st, and an elector may be gravely shocked by repudiation in a politician, but that the supreme consideration is a nice point of constitutional procedure which must be settled In only one way. In other words, the issue before the electors of New South Wales is not Mr. Lang, but Sir Philip Game, The subtle reptidiationisls have won their point. They have brought the state executive of the Labour party behind Mr. Lang not as vulgar, all dressed, hard fighting working men asserting their rights, but as genteel, nicely brushed, and eminently polite upholders of constitutional practice. When the election is over, it is true, the constitutional issue may he forgotten, and Mr. Lang will be free with a Aviirrant, fortified by the support of the Victorian Labour executive, to pursue his repudlationlst policy. That, however, will not be of great consequence. The genteel executive will resume its place in the Melbourne Trades Hall confident that it has assisted in an assertion of dignity that will help to carry New South Wales through any odium that may attach to it if it persists with its policy of repudiation. The State executive is not the first to discover that outward seeming may be a very good substitute for inward qualities of an unpleasant kind. Outside Labour circles such people are known as hypocrites, but no coarse language is used at the Trades Hall. It will be difficult, however, to persuade people that In supporting the repudlationlst policy the executive has not a great deal of sympathy for that policy which it thinks it better not to express when the same effect can be produced by methods more ingenuous. As, however, these gentlemen insist, like prudent duellists, upon the choice of weapons, they invite criticism of their qualifications as constitutional purists. They are exhibiting an aver- sion from an expression of the will of the people at an election, and the will of the people is surely the basic principle of the Constitution. They have ranged themselves behind Mr. Lang, Ax-bo has been dismissed from office not because of misinterpretation of the delicate shades of constitutional practice, but because he openly violated a IIIAV of the Commonwealth. Mr. Lang for many months has been sure of applause for every twist and turn he took to evade laws that were in pursuit of him. The State executive of the Victorian Labour party is familiar with many things nearer home. During the last few weeks it has had an Acting Premier " on the gridiron" not for having dis- obeyed the loss, but for having carried it out: not for being responsible to an elected majority in Parliament, but for not having found some way of evading the decisions of the majority. Mr. Tunneel ide, on his part, has pleaded in his defence that, although certain laws were on the statute-book, he maintained a ''mental reservation" sufficient to ensure that they were not given effect to. A clerk employed in the civil service has been called into council on questions of policy by his Ministerial chief. It is a common practice among Labour orators, inside and outside Parliament, to attack the judiciary, and for years It has been a passport to greatness for elected representatives to co-operate in the violation of Industrial awards judicially arrived at. The whole foundation of the Labour party rests upon the unconstitutional principle that members "representing" con- stituencies are the puppets of the State executive. As a stickler for constitutional propriety the State executive is not a success. Figures showing that the output of gold in Australia is increasing direct renewed attention to the continued failure of the Federal Ministry to announce the repeal of the gold bounty. As the bounty is paid on all gold won in excess of the average annual yield of 1028-30, every increase] in production increases the burden on the taxpayers. In the year ended December 31 last a payment of nearly £89 000 was required. In spite of the reduction of the amount of the county under the Premiers' plan the cost him 1932 is sure to be more than of 100,000; and the increased production is estimated to be such that the cost of the bounty In 1033 will be at least £150,000. The Lyons Ministry was returned with a mandate to undo the mischief of the Scullin regime and to practise economy wherever possible. The bounty was refused originally by Mr. Scullin and was forced through by the rebels of the Caucus in his absence. Since then the price of gold in Australian currency has risen enormously. The Lyons Ministry has thus less justification for retaining the bounty than the unscrupulous Labour extremists had for enacting it. The Ministry should announce, either in or before the Budget, Us abandonment of this immoral done. Valuable suggestions for closer fur liitiuenliiry control over public expenditure are contained in the report of a joint Select committee of the Federal Parliament presented to the Senate on Friday. As the imdltoi'-gciiei'itl is the watchdog of the trainees, who should he supported by members of Parliament, it is essential that adequate, opportunities of discussing his report should be afforded to members. Con- trol of the public house is the duty as well as the privilege of Parliament; there is no excuse for that control becoming perfunctory when members have the assistance of an export and a fearless critic. The suggest on that expenditure should he classified clearly as fully reproductive," partially re " productive," and "unreproductive" Is excellent. It would strengthen the hands of courageous members who are not prepared to allow unjustifiable expenditure to continue without challenge. A further important reform suggested by the presentation of Federal and State accounts In a uniform manner. With such a system in operation It would be easier to detect overlapping and waste and to create a healthy public opinion against the per- petuation of exceptionable expenditure. "In all time of our tribulation, to all "time of our wealth," runs a well known passage in the Litany. The association of tribulation and wealth as twin evils from which it were well to be delivered must have sounded Ineoii serious to many persons in normal times: but Is it so incongruous to-day"; A landlord in Sydney, who admitted the ownership of 70 houses, related in the Redfern (N.S.W.) Police Court that the net income of himself and his wife was ml minus, föOO -As the world reckons wealtH be Is certainly possessed! of wealth but be has more time. liK li ii of of tribulation It only old Father Time would declare a moratorium whenever man does and cease its ravages upon house property and its owner when tenants cease to pay i out owners of houses, might not Had themselves with incomes consisting of minute, quantities Property would not require painting and other upkeep and the day for pay ing rates would never come round The landlord would not grow older and that he would not have to work which would last the longer his mortal frame or the moratorium His only troubles would be the need for feeding himself unless he obtained food on credit and the day of reckoning never earned and the damage done to his property by destructive e tenants The ninth number of (1912 The Argus' Law Reports ' will be published to day) It contains the judgment of the High Court on appeal from the Supreme Court of South Australia in Highlands Limited commissioner of taxes. (Federal Land tax) The State Full Court in John F Goulding Pty Ltd v Victorian Railways Commissioners gave an important Jinlg ment on the liability of the commissioners as bailees and in Rex v Packer dismissed an appeal under the Clunes Act In the case of more the British Australian Wool Realisation Association Limited Mr Jus nee McArthur dealt with questions raided by the liquidators of the association Copies of the number may be obtained from all booksellers and news agents, or will be sent direct from this office to any address on receipt of 4/0 m stamps Miss Beatrice Ternan will continue ter John Masefield pros,ninnie on -saturday evening and tot W edi cedar as iresiouFls is no meed of the Citizen Rooms Block Arcade when a complete r a Hall- of his telling seem The Wau lever and selections horn The Fs erase my Vkres xxiii The Risen meeting of the Commonwealth Review Club will be held at the V R M Turooms McEwan House Elizabeth street tonight when the subject for debate will be Is Communism the only alternative The Consul General for China (Dr W V Green) will delay of an address on The Sins Japanese Situation at the Constitutional Club luncheon at Temple Court at half-past 1 o'clock to day 