 FAMOUS WOOL CLIPPER TO SAIL THE SEAS AGAIN Cutty Sark Coming to Australia Once Sailed from Sydney to London in 80 Days Has Romantic History Several days ago a cable announced that the famous clipper, Cutty Sar, had been refitted for sea by Captain W. H. Dowman, her owner, and it was intended to sail her to Australia again. If she reaches these shores the Cutty Sark will become the cynosure of all eyes, for no more gracefid or trimmer ship ever sailed the seven seas. She visited Brisbane as a wool carrier in the nineties. OVER 60 years ago—when Bismarck was still plotting against France, and the fair Montijo still queened it at Versailles, and Gladstone was just about forming his first Administration —when women still wore crinolines and chignons, and tea was round about 5s a lb. and the Suez Canal not yet opened—then, in days which seem to times like these almost as strange and remote as those of Tutankhamen, there was launched at Dumbarton a ship (small as we count ships now- adays) which was destined to have a career as notable as ever a ship had before or since, and one, moreover, of which neither her builders nor her first owner ever dreamed. In the old fairy-tale days it was usual when a princess was christened for fairies to attend at the ceremony, of whom some brought gifts of a wholly desir- able nature, leaving it to the last comer, a cantankerous and ironical lady, to endow the infant with some quality which should entirely nullify the kindly intentions of her more ami- able sponsors. One imagines some such bestowal of gifts, good and bad, at the christening of the new ship, one sponsor saying, 'She shall have long life,' another 'She shall have beauty above her peers,' a third 'She shall be loved of many,' while the last j droped the gall into the cup with the words, 'She shall outlive her own gene- ration.' " . Thus Miss C. Fox-Smith opens her book, "The Return of the Cutty Sark," a "short biography of the colebrated vessel." The writer tells that Captain John Willis, for whom the Cutty Sark was built, was a typical example of the retired ship master-owner. He always had a great deal to say in tho design of ships, and the plans of the Cutty were altered more than once in accord- ance with pet ideas of his own. The The CUTTY BARK. [drawing] contract for his new ship went to a quite new and practically unknown firm, that of Scott and Linton, of Dum- barton. The life of the firm was a brief one, and tho Cutty Sark was its swan song. Scott and Linton were like those folk whose immortality is assured by a single song, painters who live in a single picture. They built half a dozen ships beside the Cutty Sark ; none other of any size or note. Naturally they were highly delighted at securing so important a contract, and the probability is that they cut things as fine as they could to get it. . And no doubt old John Willis, hard man of business as he was, drove a good bargain with the new firm ; so good that some peo- ple say the Cutty Sark broke them. . Whatever the reason, Scott and Linton failed before the ship was fin- ished, and Denny Bros., of Dumbar- ton, completed her. Linton Designed Her. . The Cutty Sark's designer was the late Hercules Linton, a member of the firm. He had been reared in the clipper tradition, for he had learned his craft in the famous yards of Hall, of Aberdeen. . The Cutty Sark is, of course, what Is known as a composite ship. This phase of ship building, though it las- ted little more than a dozen years, produced some of the finest, fastest and most durable vessels of the days of sail. It marked the transition from wood to iron. Built Of Teak. . The Cutty was built of teak throughout, with iron beams, and she had a teak deck. Her spar plan was much squarer than that of most of the clipper-ships of the period. Her main mast from deck to truck was nearly 150 feet, and with stunsalls spread, extending on each side so as practically to double the width of her sails, she was a veritable cloud of canvas. She was painted black, with a gold line level with the main deck, and lots of decoration on her stern and figurehead. She sailed from Lon- don on February 15, 1870, with gen- eral cargo for China. Her First Trip. . Her firat passage was not a specially fortunate one. She was by no means lucky in her weather, and the little accidents which are inevitable in a new ship before she has "found her- self" were rather more numerous than usual. Probably iron work in ships was at that time still in its ex- perimental stages. Captain Moodie's log, with its many impatient refer- ences to the waywardness of the wea- ther, displays the not unnatural irri- tability of a man particularly anxious to show off his new ship's paces. The Cutty, like the Thermopylae, was the object of much criticism, both favor- able and otherwise, on her arrival in China. "I was on board of her in China," says one writer, "at the end of her maiden run, and the same as a good many there, did not know whe- ther I quite liked her or not. How- ever, we were all bad prophets, and little suspected that she would outlast the splendid fleet of clippers which came East in those days." . The Cutty sailed from Shanghai on June 26, to the usual accompaniment of cheering and gunfire, and the strik- ing of ships' bells. The writer pro- ceeds to tell the story of the Cutty Sark's career in the Chinese and the Australian trade, devoting consider- able space to the 1872 passage from China as being the only occasion when circumstances permitted the vessel actually to race with the Ther- mopylae. China Tea Trade. . To carry off the blue riband of the China tea trade was the great ambi- tion of many a shipowner during the mid-nineteenth century. The Cutty Sark's supporters claimed that but for the loss of her rudder she would have completed the passage at least a fortnight sooner than she did, and thus beaten the Thermopylae by a week. Miss Fox Smith carries the story on to 1893, and the last voyages to Sydney and Brisbane before the sale to the Portuguese. . "Thereafter her story is a sad little Odyssey of unfamiliar ports and strange cargoes, of neglect and grime and buffetings by wind and sea," she writes. . "Escaping as by a miracle the risks of war she was nearly lost in a hurri- cane a few days out from Delagoa Ray, and reappeared after refitting, rigged as a barquentlne. Her original Portu- guese purchasers from Captain Willis sold her again in 1919, and she sank still lower in the scale of fortune. I saw her in Surrey Docks in November, 1921, and like everyone else with a heart for a fair ship fallen on evil days, felt the mute appeal of her wistful and neglected beauty. But bet- ter days were in store. Chance took her into Falmouth, as a result of a battering in the Channel, and there Captain Dowman, a retired sailing-ship skipper living at Flushing, happened to see her, and bought her back for the Red Ensign." . The writer accompanied the famous clipper on her first trip to sea after her reconditioning and return to her old name and flag. It was but a short cruise without canvas, and with the hawsers of a couple of Falmouth tugs on board. Gull-like Grace. . She tells :-"The point which always strikes one about the Cutty is her look of gull-like grace and buoyancy, even when she is at anchor or tied up to a wharf. It did not desert her when she lay a captive in the Surrey docks. Her immobility is not death, but suspended animation. . "She lies on the water like a resting swan, ready at a sign to quiver into lovely life and move- ment . . . . She slipped leisurely along the coast in the wake of her tugs, and it was wonderful to note how easily she went through the water with as little noise and fuss as a fish. It gave one some idea of the secret of her great speed, which there can be no doubt depended as in the caae of most of the crack clippers, as much on the lines of her hull as on her sail plan. . And, just for a moment, the past was the present, and the present the past. She was taking her pilot again with the long weeks and months of the voyage behind her, the thundering westerlies, the stormy Horn, the smell of the Antarctic ice, the golden tropic days, the star-sown tropic nights . . . 80 days from Sydney Heads, first home of the racing wool fleet." . Australians will assuredly be inter- ested to see this grand old clipper. 