 EIGHT DAYS TO LONDON -A AIM FOR AIRMAIL SERVICE EXTENSION TO SYDNEY . BY MIDDLE OF 1935 CANBERRA, Wednesday. - The Eng- lish Australia air mail service will probably be extended to Sydney by June, 1935, and when night flying becomes practicable, it is hoped to reduce the time taken from 14 to eight days. The Minister for Defence (Mr. Parkhill) gave this information in the House of Representatives to-day. Mr. Jennings (U.A.P., N.S.W.), asked whether the Commonwealth had abandoned the proposal to make Mascot (Sydney) the terminal airport of the service. "I favour the extension of the oversea airmail to Sydney and Melbourne," replied Mr. Parkhill. "Until the lighting and equipment necessary for night flying are provided on the Australian section of the route, and the Qantas company has gained experience of this section of the service, there will be difficulties." Before the accident to the Qantas airliner, the company expected that it would be able to extend the service to Sydney early in 1935. It now expects to do so before the middle of 1935. Mr. Garden (Lang Lab., N.S.W.), asked whether Mr. Parkhill could give any reason for the time occupied having been extended from 13 to 14 days, and whether he could reconcile this delay with his statement in Brisbane that the Ministry's Immediate aim was a seven to eight days' service. Mr. Parkhill replied that the Ministry desired to make the schedule as fast as was practicable. The Commonwealth, however, was responsible only for the section from Singapore. The Ministry hoped that when experience had been gained and night flying equipment had been installed, It would be possible to obtain a three days' service on this section. It was hoped also that the Singapore Lon- don service would be accelerated. If that were done an eight-day time-table should result. It was not possible to obtain in safety and comfort the spectacular times achieved in the Centenary Air Race. He assumed that the British company, like the Qantas company, desired to establish a safe and efficient service before accelerating it. MACHINES GREETED AT DARWIN Second Section To-day DARWIN (NA), Wednesday - After having flown through tropical storm clouds, the two Qantas Empire Airways aeroplanes, carrying the first Australian airmail over the first section of the route to London landed at Darwin in at 2 40 p m (Darwin time to-day Early to-morrow morning the mail will be loaded in the Imperial Airways machine Arethusa which will leave Darwin at 6 30 a in to make the second section of the flight Another Imperial Airways mail 'plane I the Asticn which visited Australia last year was due at Darwin to-day to assist the Arethusa to carry the mails to Kara- ' all, but one of the landing wheels of the Astrea was damaged at Koepang yes- ' terday and the machine has been delayed The Arethusa will carry all the mail which weighs a little less than three quarters of a ton Captain ROO Taylor, the pilot of the Arethusa will probably decide to leave the 'planes' engineer (Mr C W. Smith) In Dar vin to compensate for the additional weight Captain Taylor is carrying a spare land- ing wheel which he will give to Captain Mollard of the Astrea, when he arrives at Koepang to-morrow The necessary repairs will be made and as the Arethusa will remain in Singapore until Monday morning the Astrea should be able to overtake it It will pick up the ordinary Imperial Airways mail for London at Singapore and both 'planes will fly to Karachi where the mails will be transferred to Hannibal type 'planes to be taken to London Before the Qantas 'planes landed at Darwin this afternoon engineers at the aerodrome had to chase away a large mob of goats belonging to Fanny Bay gaol which were grazing on the landing ground in the hangar the two pilots -Captain L Brain and Captain G U Allen were welcomed by the mayor of Darwin (Alderman J H Brogan) other councillors, and the town clerk (Mr R Leydin The assistant supervisor of mails at Brisbane (Mr W A Martin) and the postmaster at Darwin (Mr J Weston also welcomed the airmen and officially received the mails 