 LONDON TO SYDNEY IN ! FOUR DAYS PROBABLE Nov/ that the first Empire ilyin&lt; boat is in the air, the acceleration or Empire communications has ceased to be a thing of the future. It has become established in the present. The service cruising speed*of these boats, which was specified in the original contract to be. not less than 145 m.p.h., has been established at more than 160 m.p.h., and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been obtained. With these boats in will be possible to reach Sydney in four days, and New Zealand in five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruising speed in 20 flight each day. Naturally a vastly improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast schedule* and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least three years after thr bepinninar of the service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four hours "spare" each.day, but nowadays, this essential service has beeh reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at A thens which can* pump fuel into a flying-boat at tbe rate of nearly 5,000 gallons an hour. On this basis, refuelling would occupy about 20 minutes three times a day. The general use of flying boats by Imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and passengers will live on board the flying boat in exactly the same way a? thov live at nresent on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia-—through the contractor— will onerate at least two boa ts right through to England. For the first time in history, regular service planes bearing the Australian registration will fly regularly into the new marine airport to bebuilt at Southampton. The crews will be changed at regular points—in similar manner to the railways—but it is hoped to perfect .*? scheme whereby all pilots, including the Australians, become converFarf with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new flying boats will carry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart from an automatic pilot, there will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. ' It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route the plan is to carry 16 passengers—the fare is £160. phis exchange —and to reserve 31 tons for carriage of mails and freight. 