 London to Sydney in four days probable. Now that the first Empire flyiug boat is in the air, the acceleration of Empire communications has ceased to be a thiug of the future. It has become established in the present. The service cruising spaed of these boats, which was specified iu the original contract to be not less than 145 m.p.h., has been established at more than 160 m.p.li., and a top speed of nearly 200 m.p.h. has been obtained. With these boats it will be possible to reach Sydney iu four days, and New Zealand iu five days, from London. The figures are obtained from the cruising spaed in 20 hours' flight each day. Naturally, a vastly improved ground organisation will be necessary to give effect to such a fast; schedule, and a service faster than seven days is unlikely for at least threee years after the beginuing of the service. In the old days, refuelling would have taken longer than the four hours "spare' each day, but nowadays, this essential service has been reduced to minutes. The Shell Company has a float at Athens which can pump fdel iulo a flyingboat at the rate of nearly 5,000 gallons an hour. On that basis, refuelling would occupy about 20 minutes three times each day. Tiie general use of flyiug boats by Imperial Airways will result in a direct reversal of their previous policy. The one machine will fly all the way from London to New Zealand, and passengers will live on hoard the flying boat in exactly the same way as they live at present on a steamer. Subject to Cabinet's approval, Australia—through the contractor— will operate at least two boats right through to England. For the first time in history, regular service plane3 bearing the Australian registration will fly regularly into the new mai'iue airport to be built at Southampton. The cre-vs will be changed at regular points—in similar manner to the railways—but it is hoped to perfect a scheme whereby all pilots, including the Australians, become conversant with every section of the route. In point of equipment, the new flying boats wiil carrry more efficient navigating equipment than the great ocean liners. Apart from an automatic pilot, *jbere will be directional and beam wireless equipment, radio compass, and a homing device. It is claimed that the boat can land safely and float in the heaviest sea. On the Australian section of the route, the plan is to carry'16 passengers—the fare is £160, plus exchange —aud to reserve 3& tons for can iage of mails and freight. 